# Eli_IELTS_Writing

## 知识点

1. 表达“有”：have/enjoy/there be

2. 表达“让步”：

   - although 句子, 句子

   - despite n., 句子

## 十大句型

1. 定语从句/同位语从句
2. 主语从句
3. 宾语从句
4. 状语从句（if/when/although）
5. so that/such that
6. 形式主语/宾语
7. 强调句
8. 倒装句
9. 动名词作主语
10. 非谓语动词

## 题纲

- 开头
- 正方家长观点：
  - 家长更了解孩子，量身定制方法
  - 家长是孩子第一老师，所以应该
- 反方学校观点：
  - 学会与人相处的能力
  - 师资资源：有老师、设施
  - 学术资源：教知识
- 结尾：总结写的东西：正方、反方

整体反方观点更好写，因此选择反方观点为主。按英语写作逻辑，先写让步段即不主要的观点，故第二段写正方家长。

## 正文

It is undeniable that what we have learned throughout all these hundreds of years is that how to teach children to be a good member of society is absolutely essential. Although there are countless advantages about parents being the first teacher for their children, teaching children to be a qualified part of society should be a responsibility that schools should take primarily because of their atmosphere for improving communication skills and resources in terms of academic and faculty members.

On the one hand, a commonly held belief is that parents are the best instructor for their children for several reasons. First, being the person with whom their children spend the most time, parents have the best understanding about their children's development, which means that they can customize their education methods based on children's needs. With parents' long-time company of their children would come tailored, diverse and effective teaching styles. Second, being a good member of our society is so important that children need to be taught by their parents since/because/as they are the first teacher to them.

On the other hand, school enjoy many benefits when it comes to teaching children to become a decent member of our seciety. To start with, if there is a best quality about schools, it will be that they could cultivate students communication skills with others, which would definitely help children more effectively and efficiently have meaningful connections with other people. In addition, we have heard a great number of news that some schools with comprehensive and complete facilities and equipment have played an unimaginable role in assisting children in fitting into our society. Finally, it is when students are learning diverse knowledge and acquiring academic resources in schools that these students have the highest possibility of becoming a good member of our society.

Despite many benefits offered by parents relating to teaching children to become a good member of society, schools, I believe, should be given more priority to help children fit into this world.
