# Eli_IELTS_WRITING

## 知识点

1. 状语从句的分句 是可以强调

   It is when an advertisement campaign shows genuine content and reliable product functions that it will be more likely for consumers will be instantly attracted to it and finally pay for its products.

2. I love you.

   任何名词可以加形容词/定语

   任何动词可以加副词

   任何句子可以加介词短语

   From the bottom of my heart, I deeply love you who is the most beautiful girl in the world.

3. 否定副词打头，后面的句子主谓倒装

   Rarely is there a case in which a single element or factor could cause an advertisement to be very effective.

## 大作文

开头 背景句
回答第一个问题：请明星 celebrity/influencer；可靠，真实，真诚，不骗人
回答第二个问题：更好了解产品；刺激经济，工作机会
总结 很多因素导致好广告

It is absolutely true that, in this world/society, there are countless companies depending on an effective advertising to sell their products every day. In my view, what could make an advertising campaign extremely effective are some facters decided by companies and elements designed by their creators. Futhermore, I am fully convinced that advertising can be to a large extent/degree/in the long term beneficial for our society.

If some people believe that many factors can contribute to an effective advertising, I believe some strategies as follows are the most important/significant/potent/essential/vital. The first one is that inviting a famous celebrity who is trusted by millions of people and whose life is highly relevant to the advertising product will help an advertising campaign gain more attention and make it much more useful. Next, honesty and reliability is a common and trustworthy/already-tested feature/factor in many successful advertising campaigns. It is when an advertisement campaign shows genuine content and reliable product functions that it will be more likely for consumers to be instantly attracted to it and finally pay for its products.

From my perspective, adverting is an indispensable role in our society for many reasons. To begin with, it is a common/undeniable/undoubted fact that some advertising content/skills are so effective and efficient that many consumers could have more opportunities to have deeper insights into some products that are usually difficult to utilize. In addition, believed by many prestigious experts and insiders, the employment of many advertising campaigns in our society can boost dramatically our economy and then create thousands of jobs in the hope that our society can be a better place for future generations.

In conclusion, rarely is there a case in which a single element or factor could cause an advertisement to be very effective. In terms of its implications or effect on our society, despite some drawbacks, advertising, I firmly hold, is a good thing to our society.
