# Eli_IELTS_Writing

## 知识点

1. indigenous adj. 土著的（自古就在这片土地的）

   local adj. 本地的、当地的（当下在这片土地的）

   native adj. 本地的（国家和语言层面）

2. 开篇第一句更适合：主谓宾、there be、形式主语

3. compromise v. 妥协；危害 n. 妥协

4. wrestle v. 摔角；解决 n. 摔角；斗争

## 提纲

- Problem

  1. 打扰当地人生活，破坏文化

  2. 破坏环境、生物多样性、污染

- How to solve?

  1. 出台法规：保护环境、culture

  2. 个人团体：学习当地文化，采取措施，提高意识

## 正文

Nowadays, visits to remote and fragile ecosystems have witnessed a dramatic increase in popularity around the world. It is undeniable that visits have negatively affected the ecosystems in these isolated and remote ares. This essay will demonstrate several issues related to this kind of Eco-tourism and will showcase effective and efficient solutions to better handle them.

Undoubtedly, there are a great number of problems arising from eco-tourism in our society recently. The first and the foremost one is the disruption of the life and culture of indigenous groups and local people. As we know for sure, what some visitors to this kind of remote areas could do is that they are very likely to bring their own cultures and traditions to negatively affect local people, which could damage the pure cultural diversity of local indigenous communities. In addition, the intact, pristine and original natural environment in remote, fragile and delicate areas could be severely polluted by visitors. For example, attracted by the beauty of nature and the wonderful views in certain forests and mountains, some hikers and campers choose to build some camping sites in these areas for days, during which they could leave much trash and wastes compromising the diversity and the growth of local environment.

By exploring a range of ideas and academic papers, I found that several useful solutions are available to wrestle with these problems. From the angle of authorities and government, there should be some regulations and laws against some behaviors that might harm certain species and environment and in favour of some actions that might protect the completeness of remote and precious ecosystems. Furthermore, if individuals exploring these remote and deserted areas could make some efforts to learn local cultures and raise their awareness of keeping ecosystems intact, the diversity of local cultures and valuable species could be less likely to be spoiled for further serious impacts.

In conclusion, despite some advantages coming from more and more visitors choosing delicate and remote ecosystems as their travel destination, such as more developed economy and higher income for local communities, setting steps on these fragile areas could definitely cause countless problems for environment and culture. Therefore we should employ some solutions to address these problems due to government and individual efforts.
