# 2024-01-30

## Word

- basalt

  1. noun: a dark, fine-grained volcanic rock that sometimes displays a columnar structure. It is typically composed largely of plagioclase with pyroxene and olivine. 玄武岩，一种深色、细粒的火山岩，有时呈现柱状结构。它通常主要由斜长石、辉石和橄榄石组成。

- burst

  1. verb: (of a container) break suddenly and violently apart, spilling the contents, typically as a result of an impact or internal pressure.

     _"we inflated dozens of balloons and only one burst"_

  2. noun: an instance of breaking or splitting as a result of internal pressure or puncturing; an explosion.

- celestial

  1. adjective: positioned in or relating to the sky, or outer space as observed in astronomy.

     _"a celestial body"_

     - belonging or relating to heaven.

       _"the celestial city"_

     - supremely good.

       "the celestial beauty of music"

- cramp

  1. noun: painful involuntary contraction of a muscle or muscles, typically caused by fatigue or strain.

     _"he suffered severe cramps in his foot"_

     - (NORTH AMERICAN) abdominal pain caused by menstruation.

  2. noun: a tool, typically shaped like a capital G, for clamping two objects together for gluing or other work.

     - a metal bar with bent ends for holding masonry together.

       _"the facade is built of travertine blocks without mortar but held by metal cramps"_

  3. verb: restrict or inhibit the development of.

     _"tighter rules will cramp economic growth"_

  4. verb: fasten with a cramp or cramps.

     _"cramp the gates to the posts"_

  5. verb: suffer from sudden and painful contractions of a muscle or muscles.

     _"in the final game, Chang cramped severely"_

  6. phrase: cramp someone's style — prevent a person from acting freely or naturally.

     _"he's not putting any pressure on me that would cramp my style"_

- cramped

  1. adjective: feeling or causing someone to feel uncomfortably confined or hemmed in by lack of space.

     _"the staff had to work in cramped conditions"_

     - restricting or inhibiting the development of someone or something.

       _"he felt cramped in a large organization"_

     - (of handwriting) small and difficult to read.

  2. suffering from a cramp.

     _"cramped muscles"_

- crunch

  1. verb: crush (a hard or brittle foodstuff) with the teeth, making a loud but muffled grinding sound.

     _"she paused to crunch a ginger snap"_

  2. verb: process large amounts of information or perform operations of great complexity, especially by computer.

     _"computers crunch data from real-world observations"_

  3. noun: a loud muffled grinding sound made when crushing, moving over, or hitting something.

     _"Marco's fist struck Brian's nose with a crunch"_

  4. noun(INFORMAL): a crucial point or situation, typically one at which a decision with important consequences must be made.

     _"when it comes to the crunch you chicken out"_

     - a severe shortage of money or credit.

       _"the Fed would do what it could to ease America's credit crunch"_

  5. noun: a physical exercise designed to strengthen the abdominal muscles; a sit-up.

- dome

  1. noun: a rounded vault forming the roof of a building or structure, typically with a circular base.

     _"the dome of St. Paul's Cathedral"_

  2. noun: a thing shaped like a dome.

  3. noun(LITERARY): a stately building.

- - drain

  1. verb: cause the water or other liquid in (something) to run out, leaving it empty, dry, or drier. 使（某物）中的水或其他液体耗尽，使之空、干燥。

     _"we drained the swimming pool"_

  2. verb: deprive of strength or vitality. 失去力量或活力。

     _"his limbs were drained of all energy"_

  3. verb(INFORMAL GOLF): (of a player) hole (a putt). （非正式，用于高尔夫）（球员）（推杆）入洞。

     _"whenever he did hit a green, he drained the putt"_

  4. noun: a channel or pipe carrying off surplus liquid ,especially rainwater or liquid waste. 带走剩余液体的通道或管道，尤其是雨水或废水。

  5. noun: a thing that uses up a particular resource. 消耗特定资源的事物。

     _"nuclear power is a serious drain on the public purse"_

  6. phrase: go down the drain — be totally wasted.

     _"the government must stop public money from going down the drain"_

- gleam

  1. verb: shine brightly, especially with reflected light. (vi. 不及物，只能 sth gleam，不能 gleam sth)

     _"light gleamed on the china cats"_

  2. noun: a faint or brief light, especially one reflected from something.

     _"the gleam of a silver tray"_

- integer

  1. noun: a number that is not a fraction; a whole number.

     _"M represents a positive integer greater than one"_

  2. noun: a thing complete in itself.

- integral

  1. adjective: necessary to make a whole complete; essential or fundamental. 不可获缺的，整体的。

     _"games are an integral part of the school's curriculum"_

  2. adjective(MATHEMATICS): of or denoted by an integer. 关于整数。（仅形容词词性下）

     - involving only integers, especially as coefficients of a function.

  3. noun: a function of which a given function is the derivative, i.e. which yields that function when differentiated, and which may express the area under the curve of a graph of the function. 积分（仅名词词性下）

     - a function satisfying a given differential equation.

- integrate

  1. verb: combine (one thing) with another so that they become a whole.

     _"transportation planning should be integrated with energy policy"_

  2. verb: bring (people or groups with particular characteristics or needs) into equal participation in or membership of a social group or institution.

     _"integrating children with special needs into ordinary schools"_

  3. verb(MATHEMATICS): find the integral of. 求积分。

     _"the velocity profile can be obtained by integrating this equation"_

- integrity

  1. noun: the quality of being honest and having strong moral moral principles; moral uprightness.

     _"he is known to be a man of integrity"_

  2. noun: the state of being whole and undivided.

     _"upholding territorial integrity and national sovereignty"_

- membrane

  1. noun: a thin sheet of tissue or layer of cells acting as a boundary, lining, or partition in an organism.

     _"the nucleus is a distinct region with a membrane around it"_

- meteorite

  1. noun: a meteor that survives its passage through the earth's atmosphere such that part of it strikes the ground. More than 90 percent of meteorites are of rock, while the remainder consist wholly or partly of iron and nickel.

- repel

  1. verb: drive or force (an attack or attacker) back or away.

     _"they sought to repel the enemy with their machine guns"_

     - (of a magnetic pole or electric field) force (something similarly magnetized or charged) away from itself.

       _"electrically charged objects attract or repel one another"_

     - (of a substance) resist mixing with or be impervious to (another substance).

       _"boots with good-quality leather uppers to repel moisture"_

  2. verb: be repulsive or distasteful to.

     _"she was repelled by the permanent smell of drink on his breath"_

  3. verb(FORMAL): refuse to accept (something, especially an argument or theory).

     _"the alleged right of lien led by the bankrupt's attorney was repelled"_

- rubble

  1. noun: waste or rough fragments of stone, brick, concrete, etc., especially as the debris from the demolition of buildings.

     _"two buildings collapsed, trapping scores of people in the rubble"_

     - pieces of rough or undressed stone used in building walls, especially as filling for cavities.

       _"the tower is built of stone rubble faced with ashlar"_

- slug

  1. noun: a tough-skinned terrestrial mollusk which typically lacks a shell and secretes a film of mucus for protection. It can be a serious plant pest.

  2. noun: a slow, lazy person; a sluggard.

  3. noun: an amount of an alcoholic drink, typically liquor, that is gulped or poured.

     _"he took a slug of whiskey"_

  4. noun: an elongated, typically rounded piece of metal.

     _"the reactor uses embedded slugs of uranium"_

  5. noun: a line of type in Linotype printing.

  6. noun(COMPUTING): a part of a URL which identifies a particular page on a website in a form readable by users.

     _"writers can edit the slug that will become an article or page URL"_

  7. verb: drink (something, typically alcohol) in a large draft; swig.

     _"she picked up her drink and slugged it straight back"_

  8. verb(INFORMAL·NORTH AMERICAN): strike (someone) with a hard blow.

     _"he was the one who'd get slugged"_

     - settle a dispute or contest by fighting or competing fiercely.

       _"they went outside to slug it out"_

  9. noun: a hard blow.

- sluggish

  1. adjective: slow-moving or inactive.

     _"a sluggish stream"_

     - lacking energy or alertness.

       _"Alex woke late feeling tired and sluggish"_

     - slow to respond or make progress.

       _"the car had been sluggish all morning"_

## Homophones

- compel v. 强迫

  expel v. 驱逐；开除

  impel v. 促使；迫使

  repel v. 斥退、抵抗；驳回；厌恶

- clamp n. 夹具；一堆根类蔬菜；饲料棚 v. 夹紧；夹紧；保持电压在额定值

  cramp n. 抽筋；G 型夹具 v. 限制或抑制发展；紧固；抽筋

- expend v. 花费

  expensive adj. 花费高的

  expand v. 扩张

  expansive adj. 广阔的（面积）；开放的（善于交流的）；扩张的（政治或经济）

  extend v. 延伸；扩展；伸向；尽力

  extensive adj. 大面积的；大量的；（农业）大规模低成本

- crouch v. 蹲 n. 蹲的动作

  crunch v. 嚼碎并发出咔嚓声、发出嘎吱声（尤其是走在碎石地或雪地中）、发出大声的击打；处理大量的数据或信息 n. 嚼碎或击打发出的沉闷摩擦声音；需要做出决定的关键时刻、信贷或资金的严重短缺；仰卧起坐

- integer n. 整数；完整的事物

  integral adj. 整体的、不可或缺的；整数的 n. 积分（数学）

  integrate v. 结合成整体；团结（少数人群）；求积分

  integration n. 整合的过程或行为；积分的解；神经系统的协调

  integrity n. 诚实正直；完整性

## Synonyms

- 表示“狭小”、“拥挤”

  cramped adj. 空间上的狭小、拥挤

  cramp v. 限制或抑制发展；紧固；抽筋 n. 抽筋；G 型夹具

  crowded adj. 人多造成的拥挤（不可用于形容空间）

  crowd v. 大量人填满空间；离某人很近；挤占 n. 人群

- 岩浆

  lava n. 岩浆（火山喷发后，在地表的）

  magma n. 岩浆（未喷发，在地表以下的）

- 屋顶

  roof n. 屋顶（房子外顶）

  ceiling n. 屋顶（室内吊顶）

## Grammar

- a home (away) from home 宾至如归的地方

- 祈使句 + and + 主谓宾

  Look at that school and you will be happy about their facilities.

- 长介词短语 + 主谓宾

  介词短语修饰主句中的主语

  With no facilities like that school, my school is also good.

- given 在句首，词性为介词（后面跟名词）或连词（后面跟一个句子），译为考虑到

      Given you are a boy, you can do this.

      Given your gender, you can do this.

- 表达“提供给某人某物”

  offer A(sb.) B = provide A(sb.) with B

  offer you an apple = provide you with an apple

  当 A 不是 sb.而是 sth.时，或表达的意思不同时，要灵活使用介词，不要拘泥于固定搭配

  offer an apple to you

  provide an apple for you

  provide an apple through your friend to your mom
