# 2024-02-25 Eli_Scientific_American_3

## 知识点

1. crunchy adj. 硬脆的

   creamy adj. 光滑的；米色的

2. locate vt. 定位（及物）

   locate sth.

   sth. be located on/in somewhere 被定位于，中文译为位于，注意本质翻译

3. shelf n. 架子

   book shelf

   store shelf

4. impact/effect on n. 影响

   influence/affect v. 影响

5. subject n. 实验对象

   participant n. 实验参与者

6. 3 by 3 译为 3 乘 3 的

7. fictitious adj. 虚假的、虚幻的

8. track v. 追踪

   tracking n.

9. 所有的时间 都是 adv.

10. visual adj. 视觉的

    auditory adj. 听觉的

    vocal adj. 声音的

11. even if 甚至如果，中文译为“即使”

12. refer to 提及、提到

    reference n. 引用、参考文献

    in reference to = about

13. literally adv. 字面意思地；理解为“真的是”会更快

    I literally ate 10 apples.

14. toilet 英国用

    bathroom 北美用

    stall n. 隔间（不是 room）

15. arbitrary adj. 任意的；武断的；随意放的

16. conscious adj. 有意识的；神志清醒的

    consciousness n.

17. be aware of = know

    awareness n.

## 科学美国人

1. You just bought peanut butter. You choose the jar because well. You've always been in country variety.

   - You just bought peanut butter. You chose the jar because, well, You've always eaten the crunchy variety.

2. In reality however something else may have influence your choice. The product you picked is e located on the store shells.

   - In reality, however, something else may have influenced your choice - the product you picked was centrally located on the store shelves.

3. Researchers attract the eye movements of 67 subject that they scanned three by three furtishs brands.

   - Researchers tracked the eye movements of 67 subjects as they scanned a three by three matrix of fictious brands.

4. The track in find that consumers tend to focus on the objects in the middle specifically 5 seconds before they made their choice.

   - The tracking found that consumers tend to focus on objects in the middle - specifically, 5 seconds before they made their choice.

5. And they did this for all kinds of products from vitamins to online movies.

6. Also subjects continue to go for the centrally located even the product is not located in the middle of their specific visual field.

   - Also subjects continued to go for the centrally-located brand even if the product is not located in the middle of their specific visual field.

7. So it's not a reference to ones view. It's literally about a product be in central with entire shelf layout.

   - So it's not in reference to one's view. It's literally about the product being central within the entire shelf layout.

8. Past studies have shown that people tend to make a lot of choices based on central locations, like chosing a middle room in a public bathroom, the middle in a table , even middle series of arbitrary objects.

   - Past studies have shown that people tend to make a lot of choices based on central locations, like chosing the middle bathroom stall in a public washroom, a middle seat at a table,or even the middle items in a series of arbitrary objects.

9. The tested consumers had no conscious awareness that they had chosen the centrally located brands.

   - The test consumers had no conscious awareness that they had chosen centrally located brands.

10. Makes your wonder, what you've taken home, without realising why.

    - Makes your wonder what you've taken home without realising why.
