# 2024-07-10 Eli_IELTS12_Test5_Section1-1

## 知识点

1. excursion n. 远足；误差、偏移

2. how about n./doing

3. cruise n. 游轮

   ferry n. 轮渡

4. assume v. 假设

5. cafe n. 小餐馆

6. across prep. 横跨

   cross v. 跨过

7. make a day of it 把这一天过好

8. meet vt. 迎接

9. sheep pen n. 羊圈

10. sheep 单复同形

11. trek n. 远足（山里）

## 听写

1. I'd like to find out if you have any excursion suitable for families?

   - I'd like to find out if you have any excursions suitable for families?

2. Sure, how about taking your family for a cruise.

3. We have a steam ship that takes passengers out several times a day. it's over a hundred years old.

   - We have a steamship that takes passengers out several times a day. it's over a hundred years old.

4. That sounds interesting. How long is the trip? About an hour and a half.

5. And don't forget to take pictures of the mountains. They're all around you when you're on the boat. They look fantastic.

   - And don't forget to take pictures of the mountains. They're all around you when you're on the boat and they look fantastic.

6. OK. And I assume there is a cafe or something on board? Sure, How old are your children?

7. My daughter is fifteen and my son's seven.

8. Right. Were there various things you could do across the lake? to make dare of it.

   - Right. Well, there're various things you can do once you've crossed the lake. to make a day of it.

9. One thing that is very popular is a visit to the Country Farm.

10. Your matter of the boat by the farmer and he will take you to the holding pends to the ship cat.

    - You're met off the boat by the farmer and he will take you to the holding pens where the sheep are kept.

11. Children love feeding them. My son would love that. He really likes animals.

12. Well, there's also a fourteen minutes track around farm on the horse if you want.

    - Well, there's also a fourty-minute trek around farm on a horse if he wants.

13. Do you think a manager that he hasn't done that before. Sure, It's suitable for complete beginness.

    - Do you think he'd manage it? He hasn't done that before. Sure, It's suitable for complete beginners.

14. And again, visitor are welcome to explore the farm on their own as long as they take care to close gates and so on.

15. There's a also very beautiful garden along the side of lake which also belongs to the farm.

    - There're some very beautiful gardens along the side of the lake which also belong to the farm.

16. They'll be just best now. You could easily spend an hour to there.

    - They'll be just at their best now. You could easily spend an hour or two there.

17. And can we get lunch there? You can. And it's very good. It's not included in the basic cost.

    - And can we get lunch there? You can. And it's very good. Though it's not included in the basic cost. You pay when you get there.
