# Mar 24, 2024 - [BBC News - William and Kate 'enormously touched' by public support](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHOel7tuI-c)

## Original Text (Processed by ChatGPT)

1. Kensington Palace has said, "The Prince and Princess of Wales are enormously touched by the kind messages they have received following Catherine's cancer diagnosis."

2. It released a statement on Saturday night, which also added they were grateful that the public understood their request for privacy.

3. Catherine revealed in a video message on Friday that she had begun treatment. Here's Daniela Relph.

4. This is the National with Erica Johnson: Catherine, the Princess of Wales, made a shocking announcement, making headlines globally.

5. The impact of the Princess's diagnosis has been felt far and wide.

6. Her video message was the most direct and personal we have ever seen the princess. "This, of course, came as a huge shock." It was also an attempt to shut down the rumors.

7. I think what the Princess of Wales is hoping is that this message will be direct enough to appeal to people's better natures and say, "Look, the invasion of privacy that was been going on on social media for the last couple of months has just been way too much. People need to stop and think and not engage in that kind of activity going forward."

8. And now a fresh statement from Kensington Palace, a public thank you.

9. It said, "The prince and princess are both enormously touched by the kind messages from people here in the UK, across the Commonwealth, and around the world in response to Her Royal Highness's message. They are extremely moved by the public's warmth and support and are grateful for the understanding of their request for privacy at this time."

10. Family has rallied around the princess, including those with whom relations are strained. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sent a public message of support. The BBC understands they've also reached out privately.

11. Public sympathy remains strong. "We've been thinking of her all along and wish her the best." "They're going through something so private and hard, and the public eye on it was really tough, to be honest. Yeah, she's got young kids, right? And she's a human being, so I thought it was quite upsetting."

12. Protecting her three children has been a priority for the Princess of Wales. She said she has taken time to explain and reassure George, Charlotte, and Louie.

13. The new message from the prince and princess is both a thank you and a polite warning. They now want to be left alone. We don't expect to hear from them over the Easter holiday. Instead, we may see the king back in the world Spotlight.

14. Christmas at Sandringham, the last full gathering of the royal family. Next Sunday, many will be back for the Easter church service in Windsor. Buckingham Palace are hopeful that the king will also be there. Daniela Relph, BBC News.

## Dictation

1. K palace said prince and princess of Whales are enormously touched by the kind messages they've received following Catherine's cancer diagnoses.

   - Kensington Palace has said, "The Prince and Princess of Wales are enormously touched by the kind messages they have received following Catherine's cancer diagnosis."

2. It was s on satuarday, which also added they were grateful. Public understood they request for privacy.

   - It released a statement on Saturday night, which also added they were grateful that the public understood their request for privacy.

3. Catherine revealed in a video message that she has began treatment. Here is Daniela Relph.

   - Catherine revealed in a video message on Friday that she had begun treatment. Here's Daniel Ralph.

4. This is the National with Erica Johnson: Catherine, the Princess of Wales, made a shocking announcement, making headlines globally.

5. The impact of the Princess's diagnosis has been felt far and wide.

6. Her video message will smooth direct and personel, and we have ever seen the Princess. "This of course cames a huge shock." It was also an attempt to shut down the rumours.

   - Her video message was the most direct and personal we have ever seen the Princess. "This, of course, came as a huge shock." It was also an attempt to shut down the rumors.

7. I think what the Princess of Wales is hoping is that this message will be direct enough to appeal to people back to nature. Invasion on social media last couple of month just has been way too much, people need to stop and think not to engage in that kind of activities going forward.

   - I think what the Princess of Wales is hoping is that this message will be direct enough to appeal to people's better natures and say, "Look, the invasion of pravicy that was been going on on social media for the last couple of months has just been way too much. People need to stop and think and not engage in that kind of activity going forward.

8. And now a fresh statement from Kensington Palace, a public thank you.

9. It said, "The Prince and the Princess are both enormously touched by the kind messages from people here in the United Kindom, across the commonwealth, and around the world, And response to her royal highest message. They're extremely moved by the public's warmth and support, and they're grateful for the understanding of their request for privacy at this time."

   - It said, "The Prince and the Princess are both enormously touched by the kind messages from people here in the UK, across the Commonwealth, and around the world in response to Her Royal Highness's message. They're extremely moved by the public's warmth and support, and are grateful for the understanding of their request for privacy at this time."

10. Family has ralled around the Princess including no with him a relation strained, for Duke and sent a public message of support. the BBC understand that they also raised up privately.

    - Family has rallied around the Princess, including those with whom relations are strained. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sent a public message of support. The BBC understands they've also reached out privately.

11. Public sympathy remains strong, "We've been on her all along, and wish her the best." "something really private and hard. It's tough, to be honest." "Yeah, She is going kids, and she is humanbeing, so I saw quite upsetting."

    - Public sympathy remains strong. "We've been thinking of her all along and wish her the best." "They're going through something so private and hard, and the public eye on it was really tough, to be honest. Yeah, she's got young kids, right? And she's a human being, so I thought it was quite upsetting."

12. Protecting her three children has been the priority for the Princess of Wales, she said she has taken time to explain and reassure to Goerge, Sa, and Louie.

    - Protecting her three children has been a priority for the Princess of Wales. She said she has taken time to explain and reassure George, Charlotte, and Louie.

13. A new message from the Prince and Princess is both a thank you and a polite warning. They now want to be left alone without despite to hear from the ease of holiday. Instead, we may see the king back the world spotlight.

    - The new message from the prince and princess is both a thank you and a polite warning. They now want to be left alone. We don't expect to hear from them over the Easter holiday. Instead, we may see the king back in the world spotlight.

14. Christmas at S, the last full gathering of the ro family. Next Sunday, many will back for the Easter Church services in Winsor. B Palace a hopeful the King will always be there. Daniela Relph, BBC News.

    - Christmas at Sandringham, the last full gathering of the royal family. Next Sunday, many will be back for the Easter church service in Windsor. Buckingham Palace are hopeful that the king will also be there. Daniela Relph, BBC News.

## Knowledge

1. Kensington Palace 肯辛顿宫，英王室宫殿

   Sandringham House 桑德林厄姆宫，英王室乡村别墅

   Buckingham Palace 白金汉宫，英皇家寝宫，英君主行政总部

2. the Commonwealth 英联邦，由 56 个国家组成

3. Your/His/Her/Their Royal Highness 殿下

4. rally v. 集结、团结；恢复；开拉力赛；逗 n. 集会；拉力赛；恢复

   rally around sb. 团结在某人周围

5. reach out 伸手；接触

6. reassure v. 安抚
