# 2024-07-22/23/24 Eli_IELTS12_Test8_Section4

## 答题

1. gardens

2. political

3. study （work）

4. fountain

5. social

6. lively

7. training

8. culture

9. nature

10. （silent）

## 知识点

1. acoustics n. 声音学

   acoustic adj. 声音学的

2. lecture n. 课（老师讲）

   seminar n. 课（学生讨论）

3. soundscape n. 声音的景象

4. decibel n. 分贝 db

5. meter n. 计量器、计量表

6. there's quite a lot going on 有很多事情发生（口语中好用）

7. vary vi. 变化（不及物）

   及物要用 change into sth.

8. as well as 在句首，一定是“和”

   as well adv. 也（一般后置）

9. take account of sth. 考虑某事

   take sth. into account 考虑某事

   take into account sth. 考虑某事

   take no account of sth. 不考虑

10. perceive v. 认知（大脑接受的东西）

    receive v. 接受

11. regard v. 看做 n. 方面

    in that regard/respect/aspect/angle/side 方面、角度

12. crude adj. 原始的、粗糙的、简陋的

    crude oil 原油

13. matter vi. 重要（不及物） n. 事

    sth. matters

14. xx 意识 awareness of xx

    xx 感 sense of xx

15. dwell vi. = live 居住

    city-dweller n. 城市居住者

16. interrupt v. 打断

    -rupt 打断（词根）

    bankrupt v. n. 破产（银行断了）

    corrupt v. 腐败（一起断了）

    rupture n. 断裂

    abrupt adj. 唐突的

17. compose v. 作曲、写作

    composition n. 组成

18. differentiate v. 区别

    differentiate A from B

    differentiate between A and B

19. think of A as B = regard A as B

20. might well = may well 很可能

21. discipline n. 学科

    interdisciplinary adj. 跨学科的

22. contradictory adj. 矛盾的

23. at first sight 第一眼

    love at first sight 一见钟情

24. clack n. v. 尖锐声（高跟鞋的声音）

    hiss n. v. 嘶嘶声

25. intrude v. 侵入、干扰（介词加 on/into）

    intrusive adj. 侵入性的

26. architect n. 建筑师

    architecture n. 建筑

27. basics n. 基本信息、基本知识

28. whereas = though = although

29. drain v. 排干

    drainage n. 排水、放水

## 听写

1. This lecture will be about the science of cuistakes, a study of sound, in relation to urban environment such as cities.

   - This lecture will be about the science of acoustics, the study of sound, in relation to urban environments such as cities.

2. As an acoustic engineer myself, I think this is an area where we likely to see great changes.

   - As an acoustic engineer myself, I think this is an area where we're likely to see great changes.

3. In the past, researching urban sound scapes was simple. We measure level of sound indicibles.

   - In the past, researching urban soundscapes was simple. We measured levels of sound in decibels.

4. So I used to take my sound meter, and I measured the noise somewhere. And then I met up people of what level the sound became annoying.

   - So I used to take my sound meter, and I measured the noise somewhere. And then I might ask a sample of people to say at what level the sound became annoying.

5. With data like this, acoustic engineers have been able to build up what we call noise map, maps of sound environment.

   - With data like this, acoustic engineers have been able to build up what we call noise maps, maps of the sound environment.

6. What they do show is that the highest level of noise is generally on roads. well, that's not very surprising.

   - What they do show is that the highest noise levels are generally on roads. well, that's not really very surprising.

7. But there's quite a lot going on the maps that they don't show. Because they can't catch up the complex ways that sound varies over time.

   - But there's quite a lot going on that these maps don't show. Because they can't capture the complex ways that sound varies over time.

8. So they ignore important issues such as the noise someone might hear from open windows or gardens of their neighbors.

   - So they ignore important issues such as the noise someone might hear from the open windows or gardens of their neighbors.

9. And this sort of noise can be quite significant in summer. We don't have any databases on this sort of information.

10. As well as that, these records of sound levels take no account of the fact that people vary in perceptions of their noise.

    - As well as that, these records of sound levels take no account of the fact that people vary in their perceptions of noise.

11. So someone like me with years of working in acoustics might be very different from you in that regard.

12. But anyway, even though these noise map are fairly crude, they've been useful in providing information, and raising awareness of noise matters.

    - But anyway, even though these noise map are fairly crude, they've been useful in providing information, and raising awareness that noise matters.

13. We need to deal with it. And so it's a political matter. And that's important.

14. We need rules and regulations, because noise can cause all sorts of problems.

15. Those of view who are city dwellers know 24 hours a day. So city dwellers often suffer from interrupt of sleep.

    - Those of you who are city-dwellers know that things go on 24 hours a day, so city-dwellers often suffer from interrupted sleep.

16. It's also known that noise can lead to arise levels of stress, due to physical changes in the body affecting composition of blood.

    - It's also known that noise can lead to a rise levels of stress, due to physical changes in the body affecting the composition of the blood.

17. And there're all problems as well. For instance, if school children don't have a quiet place to study. Their work will suffer.

    - And there're other problems as well. For instance, if school children don't have a quiet place to study, their work will suffer.

18. Now one problem with decibel measurement is that it doesn't differentiate between different types of noise.

19. Some types of sounds that most people would probably think of nice and relaxing might well score quite highly

    - Some types of sounds that most people would probably think of as nice and relaxing might well score quite highly in decibel levels.

20. Think of a sound made by a fountain in a town square, for example.

21. That's not necessarily something that we'd want to control or reduce.

22. So maybe research should think of these sorts of sounds in urban design.

    - So maybe researchers should consider these sorts of sounds in urban design.

23. This is going to be tricky. Because just measuring decibel levels isn't going to help here.

    - This is going to be tricky. Because just measuring decibel levels isn't going to help us here.

24. Instead, many researchers are using social science technichs, studying people emotional response to sound by using questionaires and so on.

    - Instead, many researchers are using social science techniques, studying people's emotional response to sound by using questionnaires and so on.

25. Some recent implimentary research has come out with the result first side seems controversary.

    - Some recent interdisciplinary research has come out with results that at first sight seem controdictory.

26. The city need to have a sense of activity, so it need to be lively, with sounds like clark of high heels with his coffee machine.

    - The city need to have a sense of activity, so it need to be lively, with sounds like clack of high heels on a pavement or the hiss of a coffee machine.

27. But this mustn't to be too intrusive, at the same time, we need to be relax.

    - But these mustn't to be too intrusive, because at the same time, we need to be able to relax.

28. One of the major problems in achieving this, will be getting architects and town planners to use the research.

29. Apart from studying the basics of acoustics, these people receive very little training in this area.

30. But in fact, they should be regarding sound as another oppotunity to add experience in urban living whereas it present they tend to be avoided or reduced as far as possible.

    - But in fact, they should be regarding sound as an oppotunity to add to the experience of urban living, whereas at present they tend to see it as something to be avoided or reduced as far as possible.

31. Or something that's just a job for engineers like the street drainage system.

32. What's needed is that noisy in cities to be regarded as the aesthtic quality art form

    - What's needed is the noise in cities to be regarded as an aesthetic quality, as something that has the qualities of an art form.
