# 2024-02-17 Eli_IELTS16_Test1_Part2-2

## 答题

1. J (H)

2. C

3. G

4. B

5. I

6. A

## 知识点

1. orient v. 导航；确定方向；认识方向

   orientate v.

   oriental adj. 东方的（找方向太阳升起的方向） (new oriental 新东方)

2. brief adj. 简短的 时间段 n. 简报

3. reception n. 前台 （词源是 receive）

4. corridor n. 走廊

5. 两个介词拼出来的介词，词义为两个介词的复合，快速理解可以只理解后一个介词，例如 onto = to upon = on

6. That's where I played yesterday.

7. keen adj. 喜欢的

8. canteen n. 食堂；餐厅

9. 表示方位时 in 在内部；on 接壤；to 不接壤。但日常生活中，描述谁在谁旁边用 to 较多

10. head to = go to

11. in front of 这个介词词组中 front 是 名词 n. 前面

12. as 后置时，大概率是 因为

13. past prep.

    pass v. 穿过

## 听写与原文

1. OK. Now I'll briefly help you to youselves around the site.

   - OK. Now I'll briefly help you to orientate youselves around the site.

2. As you can see, we are in reception area, which we try to make a attractive and welcoming get to visitors.

   - As you can see, we are in the reception area, which we try to make attractive and welcoming to visitors.

3. there's a corido room left from here. if you go along that the door fencing you at the end. is the entrance to the coffee room.

   - There's a corridor running left from here, and if you go along that, the door facing you at the end is the entrance to the coffee room.

4. This looks out onto the main road of one side. And some trees on the other. That will be where you meet each morning.

   - This looks out onto the main road on one side, and some trees on the other. and that will be where you meet each morning.

5. The factory is a very big room on the far side of the site.

   - The factory is the very big room on the far side of the site.

6. Next to it is the warehouse which can be access by the lorries go into access road to deterning area at the end.

   - Next to it is the warehouse which can be accessed by lorries going up the road to the turning area at the end.

7. You can get to the warehouse by crossing to the far side of the courtyard. And then the door is on your right.

   - You can get to the warehouse by crossing to the far side of the courtyard, and then the door is on your right.

8. Somewhere you became to find is the staff canteen. This is right next to the reception.

   - Somewhere you'll be keen to find is the staff canteen. This is right next to reception.

9. I can confidently say that the food is very good, but the view isn't.

   - I can confidently say that the food is very good, but the view isn't.

10. The window is on one side look onto the corridor and the courtyard. which are attractive at all. the other onto the access road which isn't better.

    - The windows on one side look onto a corridor and courtyard, which aren't very attractive at all. and on the other onto the access road which isn't much better.

11. You'll be using the meeting room quite often. And you'll find it by walking along the corridor to the left of the courtyard and continuing along it to the end.

    - You'll be using the meeting room quite often. And you'll find it by walking along the corridor to the left of the courtyard and continuing along it to the end.

12. The meeting room is the last one on the right, and I'm afraid there is no day light in the room.

    - The meeting room is the last one on the right, and I'm afraid there is no natrural daylight in the room.

13. Then you need to know where some of the offices are.

    - Then you'll need to know where some of the offices are.

14. The human resources department is at the front of this building. so you head to left along the corridor from reception and is the second room you come to.

    - The human resources department is at the front of this building, so you head to the left along the corridor from reception, and it's the second room you come to.

15. It looks out onto the main road. And finally the board room where you'll be meeting sometimes.

    － It looks out onto the main road. And finally, the boardroom, where you'll be meeting sometimes.

16. That's has quite a pleasant view. As they looks out onto the trees. Go along the corridor pass(注意词性，这里已经有动词了，pass 是动词，因此只能是 past) the courtyard right the end.

    - That has quite a pleasant view, as it looks out onto the trees. Go along the corridor past the courtyard, right to the end.

17. The boardroom is on the left, next to the factory. OK, now, other any questions?

    - The boardroom is on the left, next to the factory. OK, now, are there any questions?
