# 2024-07-15 2024-07-16 Eli_IELTS12_Test7_Section2

## 答题

1. DE

2. BC（AC）

3. B（C）

4. A（B）

5. B（A）

6. stress

7. diet （weight）

8. families

## 知识点

1. session n. 会议；一段时间（用于具体的活动）（是一个时间单位）

2. competitive adj. 争强好胜（人）；竞争激烈（生意）

3. be aware of 知道 = know

4. in terms of 至于、关于

5. figure n. 身材；人物；数字

6. present adj. 现在的 v. 展示 n. 礼物

   at present adv. = now

7. whereas = although 但是

8. noticeable adj. 显眼的、引人注意的

9. thrill n. 刺激；震颤感；兴奋感；兴奋；激动；令人兴奋的经历

   thriller n. 惊悚片

10. raft n. 木筏

11. venture n. （尤指有风险的）投资，经营活动 v. 敢于做

    venture capital 风险投资

12. rather adv. = very

    You are rather smart.

    rather than 而不是

13. not necessarily 不一定、未必（不是必需的）

14. customs n. 海关

    custom n. 风俗、习惯

15. draw v. 拉；吸引；画

    draw attention to

    draw n. 有吸引力的东西

    draw up 起草

16. like-minded adj. 相同思维的人，志同道合的人

17. beginners onwards 初始水平者以上

18. dish n. 碟子；一道菜

    course n. 一道菜（外国每人一份的菜；中国的一道菜）；课程

    cuisine n. 菜系

19. apart from n. 除了（以外 or 还有，取决于上下文意思，因此最通用） = except for 除了...以外 = besides 除了...还有 = aside from

20. stun v. 晕眩；震惊

    stunning adj. 极有魅力的；绝妙的；给人以深刻印象的

    stunt v. 阻碍发展；施展特技（尤指空中） n. 特技

    stunt actor 特技演员（替身）

21. tuition n. 学费；教学、讲授、指导（尤指对个人或小组的）

22. guide n. 导游

23. an exhibation is held of the photographs taken 后置 of

    = an exhibation of the photographs taken is held

24. one another = each other 彼此

25. consult v. 咨询

    consultation n. 咨询

26. end up doing 最终做某事

    end up with n. 最终以某事结束

    本质都是 end up 一个跟名词，一个跟动词而已

27. A is preferable to B

    A 比 B 更让人喜欢

    sb. prefer doing A to doing B

    某人更愿意做 A 而不是做 B

28. route root 发音相同

29. tailor n. 裁缝 v. 定制

## 听写

1. In this section in your training day, we're going to look at some of more summer holiday we offered in BC travel.

   - In this session in your training day, we're going to look at some of more specialized holidays we offer at BC travel.

2. Now the travel business is very competitive. And it's important to be aware of how the market's changing and developing.

3. In terms of age groups, the over-65s are an important market and one that's increasing steadily year on year.

4. The fewest holidays are taking by the 31 to 42 year-olds that figure shows no sign of rising.

   - The fewest holidays are taken by the 31 to 42-year-olds, and that figure shows no sign of rising.

5. The biggest market at present is still the youngest group - the 16 to 30s, but this group's also seen the biggest drop over the last few years.

6. Whereas there is a noticeable growth in the number of holidays taken by 55 to 64-year-olds.

7. As far as the 43 to 54-year-olds I concerned, bookings there are steady. But I have to say we haven't seen the increase we expected.

   - As far as the 43 to 54-year-olds are concerned, bookings there are steady. But I have to say we haven't seen the increase we expected.

8. One trend we're noticing nearly in all age groups is the growing popularities of holidays in which do some kinds of specialized activity.

   - One trend we're noticing with nearly all age groups is the growing popularity of holidays in which clients do some kind of specialized activity.

9. I'm not talking here about adventure holidays where clients take part in high-risk activities like white water rafting just but through it.

   - I'm not talking here about adventure holidays where clients take part in high-risk activities like white water rafting just for the thrill of it.

10. Activity holidays usually involve rather less high-risk sports or things like art and music.

11. They're not necessarily cheaper than ordinary holidays, often the opposite, in fact.

12. But they do often take place outside main tour center which gives more oppotunity for clients to find out more about the local people and customers.

    - But they do often take place outside the main tourist centers, which gives an oppotunity for clients to find out more about the local people and customs.

13. And many say this is one of the most positive features of these holidays.

14. Of course, they offer chance to develop new skill or talent. But clients often say that more than this.

    - Of course, they offer the chance to develop a new skill or talent, but clients often say that more than this.

15. It's the chance to create lasting relationships with other light-mighted people. That's the main draw.

    - It's the chance to create lasting relationships with other like-minded people. That's the main draw.

16. Our painting holidays take place in four different centers in France and Italy. And they're very popular with clients of all-ability from beginners and onwards.

    - Our painting holidays take place in four different centers in France and Italy. And they're very popular with clients of all abilities from beginners onwards.

17. We've got excellent team of artists to lead the classes. Some of them have been without from the start.

    - We've got an excellent team of artists to lead the classes. Some of them have been with us from the start.

18. And five additional ones will be joining us this year so that we can offer a great number of classes in each center.

    - And five additional ones will be joining us this year so that we can offer a greater number of classes in each center.

19. As far as cooking holidays are concerned, I know a lot of agents offer holidays where clients cook recipes related to one particular country.

20. Usually the one they're staying in. But we focus on dishes from a great many different ones.

21. Apart from that. You'll find usual emphasis on good quality, organic ingredients. That's more on nowadays. There're generally some meat-free recipes included.

    - Apart from that, You'll find the usual emphasis on good quality, organic ingredients. That's more or less a given nowadays, and there're generally some meat-free recipes included.

22. Our photography holidays take place in a wide range of countries from Iceland to Vietnam, and clients have oppotunities to see some stunning scenery.

    - Our photography holidays take place in a wide range of countries from Iceland to Vietnam, and clients have the oppotunities to see some stunning scenery.

23. Groups are small, no more than 8. So clients can have one-on-one tuition during holiday, and excursion are range train guides.

    - Groups are small, no more than 8. So clients can have one-on-one tuition during the holiday, and excursions are arranged with fully-trained guides.

24. At the end of each holiday, an exhibation is held of the photographs taken so that clients can see others' photo and seeze valuable feedbacks from the tuitor.

    - At the end of each holiday, an exhibation is held of the photographs taken so that clients can see one another's work and receive valuable feedback from the tutor.

25. In Ireland and Italy, we run one way general fitness class for all ages and levels of fitness.

    - In Ireland and Italy, we run one-week general fitness classes for all ages and levels of fitness.

26. Clients start the course with consultation with the trainer, and together they draw up an individual program.

27. As well as improving general fitness, clients find they end up with losing stress they build up in their daily lives.

    - As well as improving general fitness, clients find that they end up losing much of the stress they've built up in their daily lives.

28. In Greece, we have a two-week holiday for clients who want to do something about their weight.

29. They says all feature of the unique personal diet program. One of the popular features is that the excercise classes are all held on the beach.

    - This has all the feature you'd expect like a personalized diet program, but one of its most popular features is that the excercise classes are all held on the beach.

30. People say it's far preferable to being in a gym.

31. Bikes are provided, and there're different routes according to people's abibily.

32. We offer one which is tailored to the needs of families which is particularly popular.
