# 2024-08-13 Eli_IELTS13_Test1_Section2-2

## 答题

1. E

2. I (D)

3. B

4. E (G)

5. C

6. H

7. E (I)

## 知识点

1. junction n. （公路或铁路的）交叉路口、汇合处、枢纽站

2. 只有两个 one / the other

   三个以上 one / another

3. pedestrian n. 行人、步行者

4. cross v. 跨过 n. 人行横道

5. congestion n. 堵塞

   traffic congestion/jam 交通堵塞

6. park n. 公园 v. 停车

   parking n. 停车

7. by 介词 旁边

8. forbid v. 禁止

   forbid doing

9. visit v. 参观

   vision n. 愿景

   visionary adj. 有眼力的、有创见的、有远见卓识的

   visibility n. 视线、可视性

10. bend v. 弯曲 n. 弯道、拐弯

11. disable v. 禁用（失去能力）

    disabled adj. 残疾的

    unable adj. 不能的

    able adj. 能的

12. lorry n. 大卡车

    pick-up track n. 皮卡

13. side road n. 辅路；支路；小巷子

14. pavement n. 路面；人行道

15. restriction on sth. 对于某事的限制

16. keep to sth. 保持对于某事（的安排）to 是介词

17. exist vi. 存在（不及物）

    existing adj. 现存的

## 听写

1. OK, so this slide shows a map of the central area of Granford with High Street in the middle and School Road on the right.

   - OK, so this slide shows a map of the central area of Granford with the High Street in the middle and (the) School Road on the right.

2. Now we already have a set of traffic lights in the High Street of the joinction with Station Road.

   - Now we already have a set of traffic lights in the High Street at the junction with Station Road.

3. But we plan it to have another site at the other end at the school road junction to regulate the traffic along the High Street.

   - But we're planning to have another set at the other end, at the school road junction, to regulate the flow of traffic along the High Street.

4. We've decided we definitely need a pedestrian crossing we considerd putting this on School Road just outside the school.

5. But in the end we decided that could lead to traffic conjestion. We decided to locate on the High Street crossing the road in front of the Supermarket.

   - But in the end we decided that could lead to a lot of traffic congestion. So we decided to locate it on the High Street crossing the road in front of the Supermarket.

6. We're proposing some changes to parking. At present, parking isn't allowed on the High Street outside the library.

7. But we're going to change that, allowing parking there, not the other end of the entry near School Road.

   - But we're going to change that and allow parking there, but not at the other end of the High Street near School Road.

8. There'll be a new "No Parking" sign on School Road, just by the entrance of the school, forbidden parking for 25 meters.

   - There'll be a new "No Parking" sign on School Road, just by the entrance to the school, forbidding parking for 25 meters.

9. This should improve visibility for drivers and pedestrians, especially on the bend just to the north of school.

10. As far as disabled drivers are concerned, at present, by after parking outside the supermarket, the lorry also uses this spaces。

    - As far as disabled drivers are concerned, at present, they have parking outside the supermarket, but lorries also use those spaces.

11. So we've got two new disabled parking spaces on the side road off towards the bank.

    - So we've got two new disabled parking spaces on the side road up towards the bank.

12. We also plan to widen the pavement on School Road, we think we can manage to get next half meter on the bend, just before get to the school, on the same side of the road.

    - We also plan to widen the pavement on School Road, we think we can manage to get an extra half-meter on the bend, just before you get to the school, on the same side of the road.

13. Finally we've introduced new restriction on loading and unloading for the supermarkets, so lorries are only allowed to stop there before 8 a.m.

    - Finally we've introduced new restrictions on loading and unloading for the supermarket, so lorries will only be allowed to stop there before 8 a.m.

14. That's the supermarket on school road. We kept to the existing arrangement with the High Street supermarket.

    - That's the supermarket on school road. We kept to the existing arrangements with the High Street supermarket.
