# 2024-02-19/20 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. G

2. H(F)

3. A

4. E

5. D

6. C

## 知识点

1. get on with v. 进展

2. robust adj. 强健的; 强壮的

3. outline v. 概述；略述 n. 大纲

4. consensus n. 共识

5. get over （口语中非常常用）释怀

6. sibling n. 兄弟姐妹

7. adjust v. 适应、调整

8. nurture v. 培养

   nature vs nurture

9. please vt. 取悦 adv. 请

10. as far as sth. goes 至于...而言

11. envious adj. 嫉妒 be envious of sth.

12. terribly adv. very

13. 某方面的研究 介词都用 on: studies/research on sth.

14. I find it impossible to do it.

    You make it easy for me to do sth.

    第一个 it 形式宾语，代指后面的不定式，翻译时第一个 it 不用管

15. though adv. but

16. press n. 媒体 出版媒介

    go to press 曝光

    bad press 差的名声

17. brand n. 品牌 v. 打标签；标记；regard

18. lonely adj. 孤独的

    alone adj./adv. 单独的

19. the world revolves around sb. 世界围着某人转

20. a lot adv. 非常（多）

    a bit adv. 一点

21. a couple of 一些 some （非常好用的词，写作建议用）

22. clamour for sth. 哭闹着要求

## 听写与原文

1. Ed, how you getting on with the reading for our presentation next week? Well, OK Ruth, about some motivate?

   - Ed, how you getting on with the reading for our presentation next week? Well, OK, Ruth, there's so much of it?

2. I know, I haven't realize birth order with such popular area of research. But the stuff on birth order on personality is mostly unreliable?

   - I know, I hadn't realised birth order was such a popular area of research. But the stuff on birth order and personality is mostly unreliable.

3. **For what I've been reading, a lot of declaims are just stereotypes. There's no evidences to support them.**

   - From what I've been reading, a lot of the claims aboout how your position in the family determines certain personality traits are just stereotypes, with no robust evidence to support them.

4. OK. but that's an interesting point. We could start by lining what previous reseach are shown.

   - OK. but that's an interesting point. We could start by outlining what previous reseach has shown.

5. There're a study back over a hundred years. Yeah, so we could run to typical traits.

   - There're studies going back over a hundred years. Yeah-so we could just run through some of the typical traits.

6. Like the consensus seems to be that the oldest children are generally less edustated because they never get arrived of the younger sibling.

   - Like the consensus seems to be that oldest children are generally less well-adjusted because they never get over the arrival of a younger sibling.

7. Right, but on the positive node. Some studies claimed they're thought to be good at nurturing.

   - Right, but on a positive note, some studies claimed that they were thought to be good at nurturing.

8. Certainly in the past, when people had large families they would be expected to care of younger ones.

   - Certainly in the past, when people had large families, they would have been expected to look after the younger ones.

9. There isn't such a clear picture for middle children. but one trait a lot of studies mentioned that the older or younger siblings.

   - There isn't such a clear picture for middle children - but one trait a lot of the studies mention is that they are easier to get on with than the older or younger siblings.

10. Em. J eager pleas is helpful accurate as my family goes. My little brother is a nightmare. Who Always causing fight and I have.

    - Em. Generally eager to please and helpful, although that's certainly not accurate as far as my family goes. My middle brother was a nightmare, always causing fight and envious of whatever I have.

11. As I said, none of this relate to my own experience.

    - As I said, none of this seems to relate to my own experience.

12. I am the youngest of my family. And I don't recognize myself any of studies about.

    - I am the youngest of my family. And I don't recognise myself in any of the studies I've read about.

13. I am supposed to have been socialable and confident child who made friends easily. I was actually tended to be shy.

    - I am supposed to have been sociable and confident child who made friends easily - but I was actually terribly shy.

14. Really, that's funny. There have been hundreds of studies on twins. But mostly about nurture versus nature.

    - Really? That's funny. There have been hundreds of studies on twins but mostly about nurture versus nature.

15. There was one on personality which said that a twin is likely to be quite shy in social situations. because they always have it around depend on for support.

    - There was one on personality which said that a twin is likely to be quite shy in social situations because they always have their twin around to depend on for support.

16. My cousins were like that when they small. They were only interested in each other, and find hard to engage with other kids. They're fine although.

    - My cousins were like that when they were small. They were only interested in each other, and found it hard to engage with other kids. They're fine now though.

17. Only children have had a really press. a lot of studies world around them because they have to fight for their attention.

    - Only children have had a really bad press. a lot of studies have branded then as loners who think the world revolves around them because they have never had to fight for their parents' attention.

18. That does seem a bit harsh. One category I haven't consider before was children must have older siblings.

    - That does seem a bit harsh. One category I hadn't considered before was children with much older siblings.

19. A couple of studies mentioned that these children get up more quickly,and respected to do things by themselves, like getting dressed.

    - A couple of studies mentioned that these children grow up more quickly,and are expected to do basic things for themselves, like getting dressed.

20. I can't say how that might be true. although I expect that sometime exact opposite, playing baby role, clear treatment.

    - I can see how that might be true - although I expect they're sometime the exact opposite, playing the baby role, and clamouring for special treatment.
