# 2024-08-07/08 Eli_IELTS8_Test1_Section4

## 答题

1. surface

2. (environment)

3. impact

4. urban

5. problems

6. images

7. consequence (patterns)

8. distortship (distortion)

9. traffic

10. weather

## 知识点

1. introductory adj. 初级的、入门的、介绍性的

2. lecture n. 讲授课

   seminar n. 研讨课

3. basics n. 基础知识（原型就是加 s 的，不是复数）

   basis n. 基础

4. a great deal adv. = a lot

5. the earth's surface 地球的表面

   the earth surface 地球表面（表面叫地球）

   Tom cat 汤姆猫（猫叫汤姆）

   Tom's cat 汤姆的猫（猫属于汤姆）

6. dynamic n. 动态（两者相互之间的）

7. inform v. 告知、让...知道

   inform sb. of/about sth.

   informed adj. 被知道的

8. branch n. 树枝；分支

   brunch 早午饭（发音和英音 branch 一样）

9. think of A as B (n./ doing sth.)

10. semester n. 学期

11. by 依照...来说、据...而言

    These include biophysical geography, by which I mean the study of natural environment.

12. community n. 群体

13. geography n. 地理学

    geology n. 地质学

14. examine v. 考、测验；调查、考查（两个发音 min 和 men）

15. agriculture n. 农业

16. how 引导的从句，how 后加完整句子

17. take A as B 当 A 太长时，后置，例如听写第 12 句

    take as B A

18. surround v. 围绕

19. practical adj. 实际的、真实的、有效的

    practicality n. 实用性、可行性（注意重音在 ca）

20. field trip 实地考查

21. means n. 方法（单复同形）

22. census n. 人口调查（复数 censuses）

23. conduct v. 引导；实施 = do；指挥（歌唱或音乐演奏） n. 行为

24. given adj. 既定的 prep. conj. 考虑到

25. using sth. / by doing sth. / without doing sth. 后置时通常用作状语

26. by means of = with the help of = 用

    介词短语修饰 1.名词 2.动词

27. relay v. 传送、接转、转送、转发（信息、消息等） n. 接力赛

    ralay race n. 接力赛

    rally v. n. 拉力；集会

28. at one's disposal 任某人使用、支配

    dispose v. 处置（以避免某种结果）；把某人带入某种状态；安排到特定位置；

    disposal n. 处置；变卖资产；安排、部署

29. cause 发音 kôz

    course 发音 kôrs 英音 kôs

    英音发音十分相似，需要用语法、意思区分

30. confidential adj. 保密的

    confide v. （向某人）吐露（隐私、秘密等）

    confidentiality n. 保密性、机密性

31. atlas n. 地图集

32. depict v. 描绘

33. distort v. 扭曲；歪曲、曲解

    distortion n. 扭曲、变形；曲解

34. replicate v. = copy

35. dimension n. 方面；维度

## 听写

1. So welcome to your introductory geography lecture. We'll begin with some basics. Firstly what do we learn by studying geography?

2. Well, we learn a great deal about all the processes that affected and continue to affect the earth surface.

   - Well, we learn a great deal about all the processes that have affected and continue to affect the earth's surface.

3. But we learn far more than that. Because studying geography also informs us about the different kinds of relationships that develop between particular environment and people that live there.

   - But we learn far more than that. Because studying geography also informs us about the different kinds of relationships that develop between a particular environment and people that live there.

4. There's the study of the nature of our planet. It's physical features what actually looks like.

   - There's the study of the nature of our planet, its physical features, what it actually looks like.

5. And then there's a study of where we choose to live and the impact of those on our planet.

   - And then there's the study of ways in which we choose to live and of the impact of those on our planet.

6. But there're more specific study areas to consider too. And we'll be looked out 8 inches in turn throughout semister.

   - But there're more specific study areas to consider too. And we'll be looking at each of these in turn throughout this semester.

7. These include by a physical geography, by which I mean the study of natural environment and all its living things.

   - These include biophysical geography, by which I mean the study of the natural environment and all its living things.

8. Then there's topography - that looks at the shapes of land and oceans.

9. There's the study of political geography and social geography too, of course, which is the study of communities of people.

10. We have economic geography, in which we examine, all kinds of resources they're use, algriculture, for example.

    - We have economic geography, in which we examine, all kinds of resources and their use, agriculture, for example.

11. The understanding of how people and their environments and the ways their interect have changed over period of time.

    - Next comes historical geography - the understanding of how people and their environments and the ways they interect have changed over a period of time.

12. And urban geography - an aspect I'm particularly interested in which takes as its focus the locations of cities and services and migration of people to and from such cities.

    - And urban geography - an aspect I'm particularly interested in, which takes as its focus the locations of cities, the services that those cities provide, and migration of people to and from such cities.

13. That's the art and science of nightmare came.

    - That's the art and science of map making.

14. Studing this subject is important, because without geographical knowledge, we would know very little about our surroundings and we wouldn't be able to identify all the problems that relate to them.

15. So, by definition, we wouldn't be in any informed position to workout how to solve any of them.

    - So, by definition, we wouldn't be in an informed position to work out how to solve any of them.

16. OK, now for some present caloties. What do geographers actually do? Well, we collect data to begin with.

    - OK, now for some practicality, what do geographers actually do? Well, we collect data to begin with.

17. You'll be doing a lot of that in your first drill of trip.

    - You'll be doing a lot of that on your first field trip.

18. We might, for example, conduct census, count population and give an area perhaps.

    - We might, for example, conduct a census, count a population in a given area perhaps.

19. We also need images of the earth surface which we can produce by means of computer information technology or with the help of satelites we realize.

    - We also need images of the earth's surface which we can produce by means of computer-generation technology or with the help of satellite relays.

20. We've come a very long way from the early expiration by pellingships when geographers only have pens and paper on their disposal.

    - We've come a very long way from the early exploration of the world by sailing ships when geographers only had pens and paper at their disposal.

21. After we gathered our information, we must analyze it.

    - After we've gathered our information, we must analyze it.

22. We need to look for patterns, most commonly those, of course, for consequences.

    - We need to look for patterns, most commonly those of causes and consequences.

23. This kind of information help us to predict and resolve problems could affect the world we're living.

    - This kind of information helps us to predict and resolve problems that could affect the world we live in.

24. We then need to publish our findings so that other people can access it and be informed by it.

25. And one way which this information can be published is in the form of map. You all of use this age of once already.

    - And one way in which this information can be published is in the form of maps. You'll all have used one at some stage of your life already.

26. Maps can be folded and put in a pocket. And can provide a great store of reference and collected into neckless.

    - Maps can be folded and put in a pocket and can provide a great store of reference when they're collected into an atlas.

27. They can dipict the physical features of the entire planet necessary or small part of it in much great detail.

    - They can depict the physical features of the entire planet if necessary or just a small part of it in much greater detail.

28. You can't exactly replicate something three-dimensional like our planet on a flat piece of paper, because paper has only two dimensions. And that means there're always some certain degree of distortship on the map

    - You can't exactly replicate something that is three-dimensional, like our planet, on a flat piece of paper, because paper has only two dimensions. And that means there'll always be a certain degree of distortion on a map.

29. We can also use aerial photographs, pictures taken by cameras at high altitude above the earth.

30. You can easily illustrate areas of disease trees or how much traffic on a road at given time or information about deep sea base, for example.

    - You can easily illustrate areas of diseased trees or how much traffic is on a road at a given time or information about deep sea beds, for example.
