# 2024-03-10 Eli_IELTS

## 知识点

1. like n. 喜欢的东西 v. 喜欢 prep. 像

   I like(v.) my dad. 我喜欢我爸爸

   I am like(prep.) my dad. 我像我爸爸

2. alone adj. 单独的（数量上）

   lonely adj. 孤独的（心理上）

3. broadcast v. 广播、传播（信息）

4. 动名词作主语：Doing + sth. + 谓语 + 宾语

5. give sb. sth.

   give sth. to sb.

6. sense of belonging 归属感

   sense of ... xx 感

7. subject n. 实验对象

8. have sth. done 表被动 让某事被做

   My assignments have been done by me.

   I have my assignments done.

9. stimulate v. 刺激

10. point of view n. opinion

11. process v. 处理（抽象的处理过程） n. 过程

12. got to = get a chance to do

13. vary vi. （很多东西）是不一样的（不及物）

    Students' projects vary in terms of their subjects.

    varying adj. 不同的 = different

14. amount of + 不可数名词 air/money/water

    number of + 可数名词

15. in terms of 至于...而言、关于

16. worth adj. 有价值（注意记性）

17. maximize v. 最大化

    minimize v. 最小化

18. bucks = dollars

## 科学美国人

1. If you enjoy sharing all your likes and dislikes on facebook, you definitely not alone.

   - If you enjoy sharing all your likes and dislikes on Facebook, you're definitely not alone.

2. Research finds that broadcast in personal opinion gives people the same sense of word of earning money.

   - Research finds that broadcasting personal opinions gives people the same sense of reward as earning money.

3. Study subject had their brain scanned while either talk their opinions or judge the believes of another.

   - Study subject had their brain scanned while they either talked about their opinions or judged the beliefs of another.

4. And sharing their own point of view stimulate more part of activities the reward process to the subject's brains.

   - And sharing their own point of view stimulated more activity in the reward-processing parts of the subject's brains.

5. In another experiment, participants got to choose reporting among their opinion, judges of announces' opinion ,or answering true or false question.

   - In another experiment, participants got to choose among reporting their own opinion, judging someone else's opinion, or answering a true or false question.

6. And for each choice, they could earn varying amounts of money.

7. Rather than maxmize their winning by answering the questions , people prefer to talk about themselves, even though they sacrifice average of 17% potential earnings to do it.

   - Rather than maximize their winnings by answering the questions that were worth the most cash, people preferred to talk about themselves, even though they sacrificed an average of 17% of their potential earnings to do it.

8. For the participants, sharing personal information was their own reward.

   - For the participants, sharing personal information was its own reward.

9. Which means that people like comedian PO, who is taking photos for lunch, probably feel like a million box.

   - Which means that people like comedian Patton Oswalt, who tweets photos of what he's having for lunch, probably feel like a million bucks.
