# Mar 27, 2024 - [ABC News - Ship involved in Baltimore bridge collapse inspected 27 times](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=une9KAkz2Mc)

## Original Text (Processed by ChatGPT)

1. So let's go to our transportation reporter, Sam Sweeney, right now. He's in our Washington Bureau. Sam, record show that among the 27 times this ship was inspected, it came back clean all but twice. So, you know, what is that tell you about the nature of the ship and about what happened here?

2. Look, the ship was relatively a smooth operation. There were issues in 2016 and one last year, but that's pretty common among these major ships. They are like massive floating cities.

3. This ship could carry more than 10,000 containers. It was roughly half full when it was on its way to Sri Lanka for this journey. When just a few minutes into the journey, it hit that side of the bridge.

4. And leading into the investigation, the NTSB, the other investigating agencies not just here in the United States but also from Singapore where this ship is flagged, will be looking at all of that, all of the history. They'll be looking at the crew, down to drug testing the crew who was on board.

5. Now we have no reason to believe that there was any suspicious behavior, that this was simply a mechanical failure, and that's where they will focus in this investigation. But they are going to look at every aspect to make sure they don't miss anything.

6. Well, let me follow up on that, Sam. Governor Wes Moore of Maryland and the president of the United States have said there's no credible evidence of terrorism, that this crash involved terrorism at all. But we spoke with a maritime expert a little bit earlier who said they should still look at the possibility of a cyber attack that has happened on ships before.

7. Yeah, look, these investigators are going to look at everything. They're going to examine the crew, they're going to interview the crew, they're going to look at surveillance video, they're going to look at the bridge, they're going to look at the cameras that were on the bridge, possibly even the construction worker that was rescued and was okay. Everybody is going to have a conversation with these investigators. Every piece of that ship is going to be looked over, and they're going to figure out exactly what happened.

8. When you look at an airplane investigation, they look at the black boxes, they try to figure out everything that was done inside that cockpit. Well, the same thing is going to happen in this situation.

9. All right, Sam Sweeney, thank you very much.

Hi everyone, George Stephanopoulos here. Thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel. If you'd like to get more videos, show highlights, and watch live event coverage, click on the right over here to subscribe to our channel. And don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts. Thanks for watching.

## Dictation

1. So let's go to our transportation reporter Sam S right now is in our Washinton beaural. Hi Sam. Record show that among the 27th time the ship was inspected, it came back clean of twice. So what is that tell you about the nature of the ship and what happened here ?

   - So let's go to our transportation reporter, Sam Sweeney, right now. He is in our Washinton Bureau. Sam, record show that among the 27 times this ship was inspected, it came back clean all but twice. So, you know, what is that tell you about the nature of the ship and about what happened here?

2. Look, the ship is a relatively smooth operation. It was issued in 2016 and one last year. It's pretty common among major ships. They're like massive floating ship cities.

   - Look, the ship was a relatively smooth operation. There were issues in 2016 and one last year. But that's pretty common among these major ships. They're like massive floating cities.

3. This ship can carry more than 10,000 containers. It was roughly have full when it was on it with the trilonca for this journey, when just in a few minutes into th journey it hit that side of the bridge.

   - This ship could carry more than 10,000 containers. It was roughly half full when it was on it way to Sri Lanka for this journey. When just in a few minutes into the journey it hit that side of the bridge.

4. And lean to the investigation, the NTSB, the other investigating agencies not just here in the United States but also from Singapore where this ship was flagged will be looking for all of that, all of its history. We will be looking at the crew, done to the drug testing the crew who was on aboard.

   - And leading into the investigation, the NTSB, the other investigating agencies not just here in the United States but also from Singapore where this ship is flagged, will be looking at all of that, all of the history. We will be looking at the crew, down to the drug testing the crew who was on aboard.

5. Now we're no reason to believe that there were any suspicious behavior, that this was simply a mechanical failure. That is where they were foucused on this investigation. They're going to look at every aspect to make sure they don't miss anything.

   - Now we have no reason to believe that there was any suspicious behavior that this was simply a mechanical failure. And that is where they will focus in this investigation. But They're going to look at every aspect to make sure they don't miss anything.

6. Well, let me follow up on that, Sam. Governer Mier of M L and the president of the United States both said there is no credible evidence of terrorism about the crash, terrorism at all. We spoke to maritime experts a little bit earlier who said they still look for the possibility of syber attack that was happened on this ship before.

   - Well, let me follow up on that, Sam. Governer Wes Moore of MaryLand and the president of the United States both said there is no credible evidence of terrorism that this crash involved terrorism at all. But we spoke to maritime experts a little bit earlier who said they should still look at the possibility of a cyber attack that has happened on ships before.

7. Yeah, look, these investigators should look on everything. They're going to examine the crew, they're going to interview the crew, they're going to look at the surveillance video, they're going to look at the bridge, they're going to look at the camera that was on the bridge possibly even the construction worker that was rescued and was OK. Everybody is going to have a conversation with the investigators. Every piece of that ship will be looked over and they're going to figure out what exactly happens.

   - Yeah, look, these investigators are going to look at everything. They're going to examine the crew, they're going to interview the crew, they're going to look at surveillance video, they're going to look at the bridge, they're going to look at the cameras that were on the bridge, possibly even the construction worker that was rescued and was okay. Everybody is going to have a conversation with these investigators. Every piece of that ship is going to be looked over, and they're going to figure out exactly what happened.

8. When you look at airplane investigation, they look at the black boxes, they try to figure out everything was done inside that copy, and the same thing is going to happen in this situation.

   - When you look at an airplane investigation, they look at the black boxes, they try to figure out everything was done inside that cockpit. Well, the same thing is going to happen in this situation.

9. All right, Sam Sweeney, thank you very much.

## Note

1. lead to 导致 = result in/bring about/spur/cause/induce

   lead into 引导、过渡到

2. crew n. 全体人员；船员 v. 提供人员操作（飞行器或载具）

3. maritime adj. 海上的（尤指商业运输或军事行动）

4. cockpit n. （驾驶或乘员）座舱；斗鸡场
