# 2024-07-26 Eli_BBC-News_2/3

## 知识点

1. initiate vt. 开始（及物）

   initiate sth.

   begin vi. 开始（不及物）

   sth. begin

2. initial adj. 初始的 v. 用首字母签字

3. export v. 出口

   import v. 进口

4. duty n. 责任；税（尤指进口关税）

   duty-free 免税店

   tariff n. 关税

5. preferential adj. 优待的

6. commit sb. to doing 让某人承诺去做某事

7. provide A with B 给 A 提供 B

8. compensation n. 补偿

   compensate v. 补偿

9. in a shape of 以某种形式或形状

10. strike a deal 达成协议

11. compulsory adj. 必须的、强制的、强迫的

    mandatory adj. 强制的

12. head start 先发优势

13. pupil n. 学生；瞳孔

14. autunm n. 秋天（英）

    fall n. 秋天（美）

## 听写

1. The European Union has initiated agreements on one of the world longest trade distributes of bananas.

   - The European Union has initialed an agreement to end one of the world's longest-running trade disputes over bananas.

2. The EU, the world's biggest importer of bananas, is to cut of the duty of bananas because of Latin American produces the food.

   - The EU, the world's biggest importer of bananas, is to cut the duty it imposes on Latin American producers of the fruit.

3. Our banana growers in former European colonies are gradually lose the preferential term they've been enjoyed.

   - While banana growers in former European colonies will gradually lose the preferential terms they've enjoyed.

4. The deal in Geneva commit the EU gradually learn imposes the tariff loses on banana produce in Latin America.

   - The deal signed in Geneva commits the European Union to gradually lowering the tariffs it imposes on bananas imported mainly from Latin America.

5. The cut will be over a third by 2017.

6. That will reduce the competitive advantage European colonies african and calribbean, which enjoy tariff free access.

   - That will reduce the competitive advantage of a group of countries mainly former colonies of EU states in Africa and Calribbean, which enjoy tariff-free access.

7. The EU plans to provide those countries with some compensation in a shape of nearly $300 million in additional aid.

8. It's the world's fastest growing economy then shows no signs to slowing down, striking deals with Chinese businesses is now the top priority that the British company stare head on global trade.

   - It's the world's fastest growing economy, and shows no sign of slowing down. So striking deals with Chinese businesses is now the top priority for every British company that want's to stay ahead on global trade.

9. Now schools in the United Kingdom want to give their students a head start by teaching them Mandarin and they're making it compulsory.

10. Brighton College is fee-paying private school on the south coast of Britain, and already teaches Latin, Spanish, and French to its 1200 pupils.

11. Students can choose between these languages, but from the autunm, which is the beginning of the new academic year in British schools, every student must study Madarin whether they like it or not.
