# 2024-03-12 Eli_IELTS12_Test5_Section4

## 答题

1. resources

2. (unnecessary)

3. (chocolate bar)

4. (problem)

5. (market share)

## 知识点

1. industriousness n. hard work

   industrious adj. 勤劳的

2. mock v. 嘲笑 = laugh at adj. 模拟的 mock interview/exam

3. ration n. 配给量，定量

   rational adj. 合理的；理智的（食物只剩一些，合理定量，因此是理智的）

4. carry out 执行 = implement

5. altogether adv. 彻底地 = completely/entirely

   all together 所有在一起

6. possess v. 有 = have

   possession n. 财产

7. clear adj. 清楚的

   clarity n. 清楚

   clearness n. 清楚

8. man-hour 工时

9. increase vi./vt. (可以及物也可以不及物)

10. commercial n. 电视广告 adj. 商业的

    advertisment n. 广告(总称)

    campaign n. 战役；竞争；推销、宣传

11. subsequence n. 序列；排列（一个一个往后排）

    subsequent adj. 后来的；接下来的

    sequence n. 顺序

12. I don't know = I have no idea

13. derive v. 提取；得到；派生

    sth. is derived from sth./somewhere.

    derive sth. from sth..

14. seem + adj.

15. novel n. 小说 adj. 新颖的

    novelty n. 新颖性

16. identify v. 识别

    identification n. 识别；身份

    identical adj. 一模一样的

    A is identical to B

17. strive for 为...而努力，争取...，追求...

18. It takes time for sb. to do sth.

19. command v. 命令；博得、赢得 n. 指令

20. market share 市场份额

## 听写与原文

1. It's easy to mark people who say they work hard. After all, a hamster is running around a wheel is working hard, and getting nowhere.

   - It's easy to mock people who say they work hard. After all, a hamster running around a wheel is working hard, and getting nowhere.

2. Of course, hard work is valuable, but only one properly targeted, otherwise wastes the resources that company values most: time and energy.

   - Of course, hard work is valuable, but only when properly targeted, otherwise it wastes the resources that companies value most: time and energy.

3. There's a management model that a groups of people are according to four criteria: clever, hard working, stupid, and lazy.

   - There's a management model that groups people according to four criteria: clever, hard working, stupid, and lazy.

4. Here, lazy means having a rational determination not to carry out unnecessary tasks, it doesn't mean trying to avoid work all together.

   - Here, lazy means having a rational determination not to carry out unnecessary tasks, it doesn't mean trying to avoid work altogether.

5. Most people display two of these characteristics, and most valuable people are those who were clever and lazy.

   - Most people display two of these characteristics, and the most valuable people are those who are both clever and lazy.

6. They process intellectual clerity, and they don't rush into making decisions. They come up with solutions that save time and energy standby the hard working group.

   - They possess intellectual clarity, and they don't rush into making decisions. They come up with solutions to save the time and energy spent by the stupid and hard-working group.

7. Instead of more hours with the problem,the clever and lazy group looks a more effective solution.

   - Instead of throwing more man-hours at a problem,the clever and lazy group looks for a more effective solution.

8. This often works well creating and intention TV commercial for example, mightly to increase sales.

   - This often works well - creating an attention-grabbing TV commercial, for example, might lead to increased sales.

9. But it isn't always a good thing. Some advertising campaign remeber their creativity without having any effect on sales.

   - But it isn't always a good thing. Some advertising campaign are remembered for their creativity, without having any effect on sales.

10. This happened a few years ago with a launch of chocolate bar, subsequent research has showed plenty of consumers remember the efforts, but has no idea of what have been advertised.

    - This happened a few years ago with a launch of chocolate bar, subsequent research showed that plenty of consumers remembered the adverts, but had no idea what was being advertised.

11. The trouble is that creator pleasure from come up with the idea but wrongly assumes audience for the campaign will share that feeling.

    - The trouble is that the creator derives pleasure from coming up with the idea, and wrongly assumes the audience for the campaign will share that feeling.

12. A company that rings out thousands of make putout may seem more creative, But it may be too creative, and make smaller profit.

    - A company that brings out thousands of new products may seem more creative than a company that only has a few, but it may be too creative, and make smaller profit.

13. To solve a problem that the company's identified just coming up with more and more novel products isn't necessarily a good thing.

    - To solve a problem that the company has identified. Just coming up with more and more novel products isn't necessarily a good thing.

14. We all know companies that claim they strive for excellence, but it takes a long time to achieve excellence.

15. A major study of company performance compared pioneers that is companies burning out for the first version of a product with the followers the companies copied and improved on that product.

    - A major study of company performance **compared** pioneers, that is, companies bringing out the first version of a particular product **with** followers, the companies that copied and improved on that product.

16. The study found that the pioneers commanded an average market share of 29%.
