# 2024-02-16 Eli_IELTS16_Test1_Part2-1

## 答题

1. C

2. A

3. B

4. C

## 知识点

1. goods n. 商品（买卖的）

   object n. 物品；天体

2. director n. 导演、主管（负责指导的人）

3. 以 b/d/p/t 结尾的爆破音很可能在口语中吞掉不发音

4. set up v. 建立 同义词：build/create/start/found/establish

   set off 释放；出发；使开始

5. determined adj. 有决心的

   determining

6. component n. 零件

7. come about

   happen

   take place

   occur

   所有 发生 都是不及物，只能事情发生 sth. happen

8. lorry n. 卡车

   pick-up n. 皮卡

9. premise n. 前提；经营场所；办公场所

10. layout n. 布局；户型图

11. far from = not

12. refurbishment n. 翻新；整修

13. as long as 连词 只要

14. stop sb. from doing

15. altogether adv. 完全

16. get on

    going on

## 听写与原文

1. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Stevenson's, one of the country's majar manufactory of metal goods.

   - Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Stevenson's, one of the country's major manufacturers of metal goods.

2. Thank you for choosing us for your two week's work experience. My name is Julia Simmons. And since the beginning of the sheye managing director.

   - Thank you for choosing us for your two weeks of work experience. My name is Julia Simmons. And since the beginning of this year I've been the managing director.

3. Stevenson's is quite our company. Like may the founder Ronald Stevenson went in stealing when he left school. That was 1923.

   - Stevenson's is quite an old company. Like me, the founder, Ronald Stevenson went into steel industry when he left school - that was in 1923.

4. He setup this company. finished apprenticeship in 1926. actually Starting making plans two years earlier in 1924.

   - He set up this company when he finished his apprenticeship, in 1926, although he actually started making plans two years earlier, in 1924.

5. He was a very determined young man.

   - He was a very determined young man.

6. Stevenson's long term plan was to manufacture components for the machine tools industry. And in fact that wouldn't came about, for the automotive industry that is cars and lorries.

   - Stevenson's long-term plan was to manufacture components for the machine tools industry, although in fact that never came about, and for the automotive industry that is cars and lorries.

7. However, there was a delay of five years before that happened, because shortly before the companys went into production, Stevenson is given oppotunity to make goods for hospitals and older player in the health care industry.

   - However, there was a delay of five years before that happened, because shortly before the companys went into production, Stevenson was given the oppotunity to make goods for hospitals and other player in the healthcare industry.

8. So that's what we did for the first five years.

   - So that's what we did for the first five years.

9. Over the years we've expanded premises considerably, we've look for site so moving to a new location has never been nessesary.

   - Over the years we've expanded premises considerably, we were lucky that the site is big enough, so moving to a new location has never been nessesary.

10. However, the layout is far from ideal modern machinery over the next five years.

    - However, the layout is far from ideal modern machinery and production methods, so we intend to carry out major refurbishment of this site over the next five years.

11. I'd better give you some idea of what you'll doing during your two weeks with us, so you know what is to expect.

    - I'd better give you some idea of what you'll be doing during your two weeks with us, so you know what to expect.

12. Most mornings you'll have presentation from one of the managers to learn about their departments. Starts this morning with research and development.

    - Most mornings you'll have a presentation from one of the managers, to learn about their department. Starting this morning with research and development.

13. And you'll all spend some time in department, observing talking to people as long you network all together.

    - And you'll all spend some time in each department, observing what's going on and talking to people - as long as you don't stop them from doing their work altogether.

14. In the past, a teacher from your school has co to end each week to find out how will getting on but your school isn't able to range that this year.

    - In the past, a teacher from your school has come in at the end of each week to find out how the group were getting on but your school isn't able to arrange that this year.
