# 2024-02-02 Eli_IELTS_15_T1P2

## 答题

1. suit

2. passport

3. personality

4. report 正确答案是 feedback

5. time

## 知识点

1. 防止分心：听 20 分钟的材料，泛听

2. 阅读速度比较慢: 重要性 精读 > 精听（保持 3 小时）

3. register v. 注册

   sign up v. 注册

   sign in v. 登录

   log in v. 登录

4. take v. 拿 花（时间）

5. in advance 提前

6. 穿搭领域 casual adj. 休闲 business n. 商务风 business-casual 商务休闲风

7. certificate n. 证书

   degree n. 学位（抽象意义）

8. match n. 比赛 v. 匹配

9. it's a chance for me to do sth.

10. candidate n. 候选人

11. fairly adv. very

12. v. to v. 动词不定式

    benefits to using an agency. 这里 to 是介词，表示 对于

13. access v. 接触、获得

    access to n. 渠道

    advertise v. 发广告，即 宣传

14. a lot/much 用在比较级前加深程度

    I have a lot/much more apples than you.

    You are a lot/much happier than him.

15. ring up v. 打电话

16. 两个介词结合的介词，拥有两个介词的意思，如 upon，既有 up 也有 on 的意思；into，既有 in 也有 to 的意思

## 听写与原文

1. Do you want me to tell you anything about the registration process?

   - Do you want me to tell you anything about the registration process?

2. Yes, Please. I know you have to have interview.

   - Yes, Please. I know you have to have an interview.

3. The Interview usually takes about an hour. And you should range that about a week in advance.

   - The interview usually takes about an hour. And you should arrange that about a week in advance.

4. I suppose I should dress more fit for a office work. I could probably borrow a suit from mom.

   - I suppose I should dress smartly if it's for a office work. I can probably borrow a suit from mum.

5. Good idea. It's better to look too smart than too casual.

   - Good idea. It's better to look too smart than too casual.

6. Will I need to bring copies of my exam certificate or anything like that. No they don't need those I think.

   - Will I need to bring copies of my exam certificates or anything like that? No they don't need to see those, I don't think.

7. What about my passport? Oh yes, they will last see that. OK, I wouldn't get address interview either.

   - What about my passport? Oh yes, they will ask to see that. OK, I wouldn't get stressed about the interview though.

8. It's just a chance for them to build relationship with you. So they can try match you with the job you would like.

   - It's just a chance for them to build relationship with you. So they can try and match you to a job which you will like.

9. So there are questions about personality that They always ask candidates very basic ones.

   - So there are questions about personality that they always ask candidates - fairly basic ones.

10. And they probably want to ask anything too difficult like what's your plans of future. Hope not.

    - And they probably won't ask anything too difficult like what your plans are for the future. Hope not.

11. Anyway. There're lots of benefits to use an agency. For example, the interview will give you feedback of your performance, so you can improve next time.

    - Anyway. There're lots of benefits to using an agency. For example, the interview will be useful because they'll give you feedback on your performance, so you can improve next time.

12. And how about access job that switch aren't advertised. Exactly, most temporary job aren't advertised.

    - And they'll have access to jobs which aren't advertised. Exactly, most temporary jobs aren't advertised.

13. And I expect find a temporary job this way takes a lot less time. It's much easier individual companys.

    - And I expect finding a temporary job this way takes a lot less time. It's much easier than ringing up individual companies. Yes indeed.

## 科学美国人

1. The eyes are the windows to the soul. I search they can someone's line. Right.

   - The eyes are the windows to the soul. As such they can reveal if someone is lying. Right?

2. Cap shows, advise shows, even some organizational training courses hold somebody the end of they're probably lying.

   - Cop shows, advise shows, even some organizational training courses hold that if somebody look up and to the right, they're probably lying.

3. Up to the left means they're telling truth. Now a studys says there's no connection between eye movement and lying.

   - **Up and to** the left means they're telling truth. Now a studys says **that** there's no connection between eye movement and lying.
