# 2024-03-11 Eli_IELTS12_Test5_Section4

## 答题

1. damage

2. (side effects)

3. block (bridge)

4. confusion

5. (smartphone)

## 知识点

1. take sth. for granted 把某事当成理所应当的

   grant v. 给予、授予 = give

   take on sth. take 是名词(n.)看法

   What's your take on this movie? 你对这部电影的看法是什么？

2. collaboration n. 合作

   collaborate v. 合作（有时有贬意：勾结）

   cooperate v. 合作（意思比较中性）

   cooperate/collaborate with sb. on sth.

3. the trouble with sth. is that

4. by all means 不择手段

5. as a result 作为结果

6. not at all adv. 绝不

7. backfire vi.（不及物）反噬、事与愿违（枪从后面打出子弹）

   sth. backfire

8. arise vi. （不及物）出现

   arise from/out of sth.

   rise vi.（不及物）上升

   raise vt.（及物）提升

9. side effect 副作用

10. by the way 顺便

    on one's way 在路上

    in the way 阻挡

    be/get in the way of

11. building blocks n. 积木；也常用作比喻是某事的重要组成、基础

    construct v. 建造（建筑）

    constructive adj. 建设性的

12. intend vt. 想要、倾向做

    虽然及物，但常见用法是 be intended to

    intention n. 意图

13. With A doing/done, 主句.

14. brilliant adj. very very good

    great adj. very good

15. aptitude n. 天赋

16. comply with 遵守

    abide by 遵守法律

    adhere to 遵守

17. suit vt.（及物）适合

    This clothes suits me.

    虽然及物，但也常见这种用法：be suited to do sth.

18. sale adj. 促销；打折

    sales n. 销售额；销售

19. consistent adj. 保持一致

    consistency n. 黏稠度（烹饪）

    constant adj. 不变的

20. launch v. 发布（产品）

    release v. 发布（软件）

21. director n. 导演；头儿（领导）

22. aim at

    be aimed at

23. market vt. 营销 n. 市场

    marketing n. 市场营销

24. meet the needs of 满足需求

    meet demand

25. have one's way 让他成功/得逞/走

## 听写与原文

1. In public discussion of business, we take certain values for granted.

2. Today I'm going to talk about four of them, collaboration, hard work, creativity, and excellence.

3. Most people would say they're all good things. I'm going to suggest that over simple view.

   - Most people would say they're all good things. I'm going to suggest that's an over simple view.

4. The trouble with these values is that they're theoratical concepts, removed from reality of day to day business.

   - The trouble with these values is that they're theoretical concepts, removed from the reality of day-to-day business.

5. Persue values by own means, but people prepared as for result, they can actually cause damage, which is not at all intention.

   - Persue values by all means, but be prepared for what may happen as a result. They can actually cause damage, which is not at all the intention.

6. But all too often, the right thing back fires, which without understanding and managing the side-effect that rise.

   - But all too often the right thing backfires, if those leaders adopt values without understanding and managing the side effects that arise.

7. The values can easily get in the way of what's actually intended.

8. On a management training course I once attended , we were put into groups and had to construct a bridge across a stream, using building blocks we were given.

   - On a management training course I once attended , we were put into groups and had to construct a bridge across a stream, using building blocks that we were given.

9. The rule was that everyone in the team had to move at least one building block during the construction. This was intended to encourage teamwork.

10. But it was really a job best on by one person, the other team try to collaborate and building the structure and decendent to confusion. with anyone get in each other's way.

    - But it was really a job best(adv.) done by one person. The other team tried to collaborate on building the structure, and descended into confusion, with everyone getting in each other's way.

11. All I team leaders solved chanllenge bullinly.

    - Our team leaders solved the challenge brilliantly.

12. She simply asked everyone in the team to move a piece just cetermeters to comply with the rule, and asked with atitude to build it alone.

    - She simply asked everyone in the team to move a piece a few cetermeters to comply with the rule, and then let the person in the team with an aptitude for puzzles like this build it alone.

13. We finished before any other team. My point is that the task wasn't really suited to teamworking, so why make it one.

14. Teamwork can also lead to inconsistency, a common call is poor sales.

    - Teamwork can also lead to inconsistency, a common cause of poor sales.

15. In the case of a smartphone that a certain company launched, one director wanted to target the business market, and the other demanded was in the consumers.

    - In the case of a smartphone that a certain company launched, one director wanted to target the business market, and another demanded it was aimed at consumers.

16. The company wanted both director to be involve, so give the product a consumer friendly name but marketed it to companies.

    - The company wanted both directors to be involve, so gave the product a consumer-friendly name, but marketed it to companies.

17. The result was neither group, it would be better for one director or the other have its way. not both.

    - The result was that it met the needs of neither group. It would have been better to let one director or the other have his way, not both.
