# 2024-02-24 Eli_Scientific_American_2

## 知识点

1. haunt v. 长期不断地缠扰

2. puff v. 抽烟

3. leteral adj. 字面意义的

4. barrier n. 障碍

5. hold v. 拿着，持有

   contain v. 包含

6. lid n. 盖子

7. before 理解为“然后”会更快

8. 吞音不是绝对的，根据语调需要会有变化

9. rate v. 评分 n. 分数、速率

10. linger vi. 赖着；流连；逗留；徘徊（不及物）

11. ruminate v. 认真思考；沉思

    ruminate on 反复思考

## 科学美国人

1. Decisions can be hard. We may be hunted by the path not taken.

   - Decisions can be hard. We may be haunted by the path not taken.

2. But the best way to feel better about the one choice we do make. Maybe to put up a literal barrier to any of the other choices.

   - But the best way to feel better about the one choice we do make may be to put up a literal barrier to any of the other choices.

3. In the recent study, some purchasement had to choose a chocolate from the box holding a section of 24 chocolates.

   - In the recent study, some participants had to choose a chocolate from a box holding a selection of 24 chocolates.

4. Others picked from a box containing just 6 chocolates. Each box had a transparent lid.

   - Others picked from a box containing just 6 chocolates. Each box had a transparent lid.

5. Someone told to just pick one and taste it. Others had to pick one and close the lid again before tasting it.

   - Some were told to just pick one and taste it. Others had to pick one, but close the lid again before tasting it.

6. Then operators's been asked to rate their chocolate.

   - Then all participants were asked to rate their chocolate.

7. Those who put a transparent lid back on the boxed immediately after chosen 24 chocolates enjoyed thier caddy more than those who lingered with the lid open, even though both of them could actually see the chocolate chosen.

   - Those who put a transparent lid back on the box immediately after choosing from the 24 chocolates enjoyed thier caddy more than those who lingered with the lid open, even though both groups could actually see the chocolates not chosen.

8. Well, what about the 6 chocolate box? Closing the lid had no effect on chocolate rankings. the studies of journal of comsumer research.

   - Well, what about the six-chocolate box? Closing the lid had no effect on chocolate rankings. The study is in the Journal of Comsumer Research.

9. The researcher say other study show that we We don't tend to rumanated on other choices or we compare options.

   - The researchers say other studies show that when we start with fewer options we don't tend to ruminate on other choices, or even compare options.

10. We simply like what we get, but just put back any half of chocolates.

    - We simply like what we get. But just don't put back any half eaten chocolates.
