# 2024-07-18 Eli_IELTS12_Test5_Section3-2

## 答题

1. funding（budget）

2. employment

3. safety

4. insurance

5. （diary）

6. （database）

7. public（museum）

## 知识点

1. regarding 当介词 = about

2. in-depth adj. 有深度的

3. stuff n. 东西

   staff n. 团队成员

4. floor coverings 防滑垫

5. slippery adj. 滑的

6. insure v. 上保险

   insurance n. 商业保险

   ensure v. 确保

7. get done 表被动

8. wonder v. 想知道 n. 奇迹

   wander vi. 漫游、游荡（某些时候是贬意）

   wander off 偏离（正道）；游荡

9. archive n. 档案

10. diary n. 日记

    dairy n. 奶制品

11. fancy adj. 花哨的 v. 喜欢做某事

## 听写

1. I've just had an idea.

2. Why don't we make an index of our local libraries background to our paper?

   - Why don't we make an in-depth study of our local public library as background to our paper?

3. Yes, I'll be interesting. Am I also f issues.

   - Yes, That'd be interesting, and raise all sorts of issues.

4. Let's make a list of all possible things we could ask about, then

   - Let's make a list of all possible things we could ask about, then work out some sort(s) of structure.

5. For instance we could interview some of the staff, find out whether the local library has its own budget, or controlled by the local council.

   - For instance we could interview some of the staff, find out whether the library has its own budget, or if that's controlled by the local council.

6. And what the policies are. I know that they don't allow food.

   - And what their policies are. I know they don't allow food.

7. By lift what times noise they ban. There always seems a lot of talking but never music.

   - But I'd love to find out what types of noise they ban. There always seems to bedy a lot of talking but never music.

8. I don't that of policy you're just happens. Em, I've often wondered.

   - I don't know if that's a policy or it just happens. Em, I've often wondered.

9. Then there're things like how the libraries are affected by employment laws.

   - Then there're things like how the library is affected by employment laws.

10. I suppose there are rules about hours facility for staff.

    - I suppose there are rules about working hours, facilities for staff, and so on.

11. Right. Then there are other issues relating to building and how could use it.

    - Right. Then there are other issues relating to the design of building and how customers use it.

12. Like what meatures does the library take to ensure their safety?

13. They'd need focus on slipery admit forkery for instance.

    - They'd need floor coverings that aren't slippery and emergency exits, for instance.

14. Oh, and another thing. There's a question that kind of insurance library need to have in case anyone get injured.

    - Oh, and another thing. There's the question of the kind of insurance the library needs to have in case anyone gets injured.

15. Well, you know they've got archived a local newspapers going back by years.

    - Well, you know they've got an archive of local newspapers going back years.

16. Well, next to it, they've got a diary of a well-known politician from the late 19th century.

    - Well, next to it, they've got the diary of a well-known politician from the late 19th century.

17. I want to ends there. Do you know what's his connections from this area?

    - I wonder why it's there. Do you know what his connection was with this area?

18. No idea. Let's start to our listed things to find out.

    - No idea. Let's add it to our list of things to find out.

19. Oh, I've just thought. You know people might ask about local organizations like sports clubs.

    - Oh, I've just thought. You know people might ask in the library about local organizations like sports clubs.

20. But I wonder that they just keep the database or whether they just look on mind.

    - Well I wonder if they keep a database, or whether they just look online.

21. Right, I quite fancy finding that what are differences between libraries in the public and one part of museum for example.

    - Right, I quite fancy finding out what the differences are between a library that's open to the public and one that's part of a museum for example.
