# 2024-03-13 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. insects

2. behavior

3. father

4. complex

5. reproduction

## 知识点

1. 现在完成进行时，中文翻译为一直

2. how 引导的宾语从句，后面加完整句子主谓宾

   what 在宾语从句中充当主语或宾语

3. mercury n. 水星；水银

   mercurial adj. 多变的；变化莫测的（水银随温度变化很快）

4. or so 在数字后表示“大约”

5. shine v.i. 闪耀

   shiny adj. 光亮的

   silver n. 银

   silvery adj. 银的

6. thermometer n. 体温计

   meter n. 计时表、计费表

7. toxic adj. 有毒的（英文中也可以形容人）

   fatal adj. 致命的

   fatal accident 致命事故（指有人死亡的）

8. demestic n. 家庭的；驯养的；国内的

9. power plants 电厂

10. coal n. 煤

11. burned 和 burnt 都可以做 burn 的过去式和过去分词

12. get(be) done 被动

13. deposit v. 存钱；沉淀 n. 押金

    withdraw v. 取钱

14. ingest v. 摄取；吸收

    digest v. 消化

15. excrete v. 排泄

    secrete v. 分泌

16. It has been known that + 完整句子

17. sub- 前缀：亚、子集

18. subtle adj. 微小的（b 不发音）

19. acquire v. 获得；习得

20. be exposed to 被暴露在

    exposure to

21. contaminate v. 污染

## 听写与原文

1. Ok. So we've been looking at how man-made changes in our environment can affect wildlife.

2. Mercuries one of the 128 elements that make up metal and it has the symbol - Hg.

   - Mercury's one of the 120 or so elements that make up all matter, and it has the symbol - Hg.

3. It's a shining silvery substance, you might have seen it in old fashioned themalmeters, but it might not use for domestic purposes, because it is highly toxic.

   - It's a shiny silvery substance, you may have seen it in old-fashioned thermometers, but it is not used much for domestic purposes now, because it is highly toxic.

4. But the problem is that the amount of mecury in the environments increasing. The main reason for this is the power plants use to produce electricity.

   - But the problem is that the amount of mecury in the environment's(is) increasing. The main reason for this is the power plants used to produce electricity.

5. The main source of energy that the most of them use is still coal, and when it is burnt, it release mecury into the atmosphere.

   - The main source of energy that most of them use is still coal, and when it is burned, it releases mecury into the atmosphere.

6. Some of this gets deposited into lakes and rivers, and if it is injected by a fish, it's not exgrated. It stays in the fishes body, and it enters the food chain.

7. Some of this gets deposited into lakes and rivers, and if it is injected by a fish, it's not exgrated. It stays in the fishes body, and it enters the food chain.

   - Some of this gets deposited into lakes and rivers, and if it is ingested by a fish, it's not excreted. It stays in the fish's body, and it enters the food chain.

8. So it's(has) been known for some time that birds which eat fish may be affected.

9. But what wasn't known until quite recently is that those that eat insects can also be affected.

10. And rather than looking at how many birds are actually killed by mercury poisoning, she is looking for more subtle sub-effects.

11. And these may be to do with the behavior of the birds and with the effect of mercury on their brain works , so whether it lead to problem of their memory, for example.

    - And these may be to do with the behavior of the birds, or with the effect of mercury on the way their brain works , so whether it leads to problems with memory, for example.

12. And she is particularly focusing on the effects of mercury on birds song, now the process of song learning happens at a particular stage at birds development.

    - And she is particularly focusing on the effects of mercury on bird song, now the process of song learning happens at a particular stage in the birds' development.

13. And what you may not know is that a young bird seems to acquire the skill by listening the song produced by its father rather than by any other bird.

    - And what you may not know is that a young bird seems to acquire this skill by listening to the songs produced by its father rather than by any other bird.

14. And Varian-Ramos has already found in her research that if a young male bird are exposed to mercury and if they eat food contaminated with mercury then their song produced aren't sound complex as those produced by other birds.

    - And Varian-Ramos has already found in her research that if young male birds are exposed to mercury, if they eat food contaminated with mercury, then the songs they produce aren't as complex as those produced by other birds.

15. So, quite low-level exposure to mercury is likely to have an impact on male birds in a natural situation.

16. Because it could mean that they're less attractive to female birds and so it can affect their chances of reproduction.
