# 2024-07-17 Eli_IELTS12_Test5_Section3

## 答题

1. C（B）

2. B（C）

3. C

## 知识点

1. think that 句子. 认为

   think of n. 想到、考虑

2. lots of / a lot of 可数/不可数都能用 数词

   a lot 副词

3. fund n. 基金 v. 资助

4. be supposed to 应该

5. brainstorm v. 想、思考

6. impact (on) n. 影响

   implication n. 影响；暗指、暗示

   affect v. 影响

   effect (on) n. 效果

7. now that 既然（现在已经是这个样子了）

8. obsolete adj. 过时的

   out-of-date 过时的

   up-to-date 实时的，现在的

9. copyright n. 版权

10. best-seller n. 畅销品

11. physical adj. 物理的；客观存在的、现实的、物质的、有形的

12. evolve v. 进化

    involve v. 涉及

## 听写

1. We need to start planning our paper on public libraries. You thought an angle yet?

   - We need to start planning our paper on public libraries. Have you thought of an angle yet?

2. Well, there's so much we could look into. How libraries have changed over the centuries for instance? So how different countries organize them?

   - Well, there's so much we could look into. How libraries have changed over the centuries for instance? Or how different countries organize them?

3. Maybe we should concentrate on this contrain trying relate external developments like far more people can read far more century ago.

   - Maybe we should concentrate on this contry, and try and relate the changes in libraries to external developments, like the fact that far more people can read than a century ago.

4. And that the local populations may speak lots of different languages?

5. We could include something about changes in the source of funding too.

6. Yes, but remember we're only supposed to write a short paper. So it's probably best if we don't go into any funding detail.

   - Yes, but remember we're only supposed to write a short paper. So it's probably best if we don't go into funding in any detail.

7. Shall we just brainstorm a few ideas to get started?

8. OK. We obviously need to look at the impact of new technology particularly the internet.

9. Now the lots of books have been digitalized that people can access them on their own computers in their home.

   - Now that lots of books have been digitalized, people can access them from their own computers at home.

10. And if everyone did that,

    - And if everyone did that, libraries would be obsolete.

11. But the digitalized books that are available online are free. Are mostly copyright, are they?

    - But the digitalized books that are available online for free are mostly out of copyright, aren't they?

12. And copyright in this country lasts for 70 years after the author death.

    - And copyright in this country lasts for 70 years after the author dies.

13. So you'll find the latest best seller or up to date information. That's the important points.

    - So you won't find the latest best-seller or up-to-date information. That's an important points.

14. Anyway, I find it's hard to concentrate long time when I read on screen.

    - Anyway, I find it hard to concentrate when I'm reading a long text on a screen.

15. I'd much rather physical book. I have take longer to read on a screen. Oh, I'd prefer it.

    - I'd much rather read a physical book, and it takes longer to read on a screen. Oh, I prefer it.

16. My expect that the library will go on evolving in next few years.

    - I expect the libraries will go on evolving in the next few years.

17. Some of them already become community activities take place by local clubs meeting there.

    - Some have already become centers where community activities take place like local clubs meeting there.

18. I'd like to think so. And they're still serving their traditional function. But I'm not so sure.

    - I'd like to think so, and that they'll still be serving their traditional function, but I'm not so sure.

19. There are financial implication after all.

20. What I'm afraid will happen is that books and magazines will all disappear, there'll just be rows of rows computers.

    - What I'm afraid will happen is that books and magazines will all disappear, and there'll just be rows and rows of computers.
