# 2024-02-07 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. river

2. 422 (1422)

3. fish (top)

4. ticket (pass)

5. steam

6. capital

## 知识点

1. consist of v. 以...组成(注意不是组成了...)

   A consist of B (A 范围大,A 由 B 组成)

2. in time 按时(在一段时间范围内)

   on time 按时(在时间点上)

3. There is a intro, followed by a trip. intro 在前,trip 在后

   There is a intro, following a trip. intro 在后,trip 在前

4. harbor n. 港口

   v. 包含;藏有;怀有

5. dining dinner 区分发音

6. coach n. 大巴;马车(包的品牌);经济舱(fly coach);教练

7. exhibit v. 展览 (同义词:show showcase present) 注意动词发音

   exhibition n. 展览

8. on one's way

   on the way 在路上

   in the way 阻挡

   get in the way of sth. 阻挡某事

   by the way 顺便说一下

   incidentally

9. date back to 追溯回

10. reference n. 记录;参考文献;提及

11. leisure n. 休闲;空闲

12. promenade n. 滨海步行大道 v. 步行去 (注意这个词有两种发音)

13. tram n. 有轨公车

14. give me a ride 捎我一段

15. board v. 登火车/飞机

16. ride 游乐场里每个游玩项目玩一圈都是一个 ride

17. pass n. 通行证

18. heritage n. 遗产(指国家或社会长期形成的历史、传统和特色)

19. headland n. 海岸边高且突出陆地的一块地

20. overlook v. 忽略 俯视

    oversee v. 监管 监督

21. of 不重读 off 重读

22. mediaeval n. 中世纪的（英音美音不同）

## 听写与原文

1. OK. So what does the holiday consist of. Well on day 1 you'll arrive in time for a short introduction by your tour manager followed by dinner in the hotel.

   - OK, so what does the holiday consist of? Well, on day one you'll arrive in time for a short introduction by your tour manager, followed by dinner in the hotel.

2. The dining room looks out the river. Close to where flows the harbour. And usually plenty of activity going on.

   - The dining room looks out to the river, close to where it flows into the harbour, and there's usually plenty of activity going on.

3. On day 2, you'll take the coach to the small town of Peel. On the way called Tynwald exhibition.

   - On day two, you'll take the coach to the small town of Peel, on the way calling in at the Tynwald exhibition.

4. The Isle of Man isn't part of the United Kindom. And it has it's own parliment called Twywald.

   - The Isle of Man isn't part of the United Kindom, and it has its own parliament, called Tynwald.

5. It's claimed that this is the world oldest parliament that still funcioning, and that dates back at 979.

   - It's claimed that this is the world oldest parliament that's still funcioning, and that it dates back at 979.

6. However, the earliest surviving reference to it is from 422, so perhaps it's quite though from its claims

   - However, the earliest surviving reference to it is from 1422, so perhaps it isn't quite as old as it claims!

7. Day 3, we have a trip to the mountain Snaefell, This begins with elidually Douglas in the hourse d t.

   - Day three, we have a trip to the mountain Snaefell, This begins with a leisurely ride along the promenade in Douglas in a horse-drawn tram.

8. Then you bought an electric train which takes you to fishing village of Laxey.

   - Then you board an electric train which takes you to the fishing village of Laxey.

9. From there it's an eight kilometer ride in the Snaefell mountain railway to the top.

   - From there it's an eight-kilometer ride in the Snaefell Mountain Railway to the top.

10. Lunch will be in the cafe giving you spactacular of the island.

    - Lunch will be in the cafe, giving you spectacular views of the island.

11. Day four is free view to explore, using the pass which will give you.

    - Day four is free for you to explore, using the pass which we'll give you.

12. So you won't have to pay for travel and local transport, or for the entrance of island's heritage sides.

    - So you won't have to pay for travel on local transport, or for entrance to the island's heritage sites.

13. Or you might just want to take it easy in Douglas, perhaps do a little light shopping.

    - Or you might just want to take it easy in Douglas, and perhaps do a little light shopping.

14. The last full day, day five, is for some people the highlight of the holiday, with a ride of steam rail way from Douglas to Port Erin.

    - The last full day, day five, is for some people the highlight of the holiday, with a ride on the steam railway from Douglas to Port Erin.

15. After some time to explore a coach will take it headland the overlooks a small island just off the coast.

    - After some time to explore, a coach will take you to the headland that overlooks the Calf of Man, a small island just off the coast.

16. From there you continue to Castle town, which used to be the capital of the Isle of Man. And that's eve castle.

    - From there you continue to Castletown, which used to be the capital of the Isle of Man, and its mediaeval castle.
