# 2024-08-05 Eli_IELTS13_Test4_Section4

## 答题

1. destruction

2. universities

3. political

## 知识点

1. both A and B

2. hardly/rarely adv. = not

3. documentary adj. 有记录的

4. then adv. 接下来 n. 那个时候

5. origin n. 起源（重音在 o）

   originate v. 起源于（o 发 e，且重音在 ri）

   original adj. 原本的（o 发 e，且重音在 ri）

   originally adv. 初始地（o 发 e，且重音在 ri）

6. bush n. 灌木丛；身体茂密的毛发

   bushes 复数

7. court n. 法庭；球场；朝廷

   court physician 宫廷医生

8. physician n. 内科医生

   surgeon n. 外科医生

9. cultivate vt. 培养、培育

10. Actor of the year 年度最佳演员

    Player of the week 本周最佳球员

11. -struct 后缀 建造

    construct v. 建造 n. （未经证实的）想法、理论

    construction n. 建造

    destruct v. 毁坏

    instruct v. 指示、教导、告知

    instructor n. 指导者

    structure n. 结构 v. 构建

    obstruct v. 阻碍

12. spread 过去式和过去分词都是原型

## 听写

1. In my presentation, I'm going to talk about coffee, and its importance both in economic and social terms.

2. We think it was first drunk in the Arab world, there's hardly documantory evidence before 1500s, although, of course, it doesn't mean people didn't know it before then.

   - We think it was first drunk in the Arab world, but there's hardly any documentary evidence of it before 1500s, although, of course, that doesn't mean the people didn't know about it before then.

3. However, there's evidence that coffee was originally gathered from bushies growing wild in Ethiopia, in the north east of Africa.

   - However, there's evidence that coffee was originally gathered from bushes growing wild in Ethiopia, in the northeast of Africa.

4. In the early 16th century, it was being board by traders and gradually it's used as drink spread throughout the Mid East.

   - In the early 16th century, it was being bought by traders and gradually its use as a drink spread throughout the Middle East.

5. It's also known at in 1522, in the Turkish city of Constantinople, which was the center of the Empire Ottoman, the core physician pri used as medicine.

   - It's also known that in 1522, in the Turkish city of Constantinople, which was the center of the Ottoman Empire, the court physician approved its use as a medicine.

6. By the mid 1500s, coffee bushes cultivated in the Yemen, in the next hundred year, this region produced most of coffee drunk in Africa and Arab world.

   - By the mid-1500s, coffee bushes were being cultivated in the Yemen, and for the next hundred years, this region produced most of the coffee drunk in Africa and the Arab world.

7. What's particularly interesting about coffee is it's a fact social life.

   - What's particularly interesting about coffee is its effect on social life.

8. It was rarely drunk at home, but instead, people went to coffee houses to drink it.

9. These people, usually men, would meet to drink coffee and chat about issues of the day.

10. But after the time, this chance to share ideas and opinions was potentially in the danger. And in 1623, the ruler of Constantinople demanded destruction all the coffee houses in the city.

    - But at the time, this chance to share ideas and opinions was seen as something that was potentially dangerous. And in 1623, the ruler of Constantinople demanded the destruction of all the coffee houses in the city.

11. In the 17th century, coffee drinking spreaded to Europe. And here too, coffee houses to odinary people nearly always men, could meet to exchange ideas.

    - In the 17th century, coffee drinking spread to Europe. And here too, coffee shops became places where odinary people nearly always men, could meet to exchange ideas.

12. Because of this, some people said that these places performed a similar function to universities.

13. The oppotunity they provided for people to meet together outside their own homes and to discuss the topics of the day had enormous impact on social life.

    - The oppotunity they provided for people to meet together outside their own homes and to discuss the topics of the day had an enormous impact on social life.

14. And many social movements and political developments had their origins in coffee house discussions.
