# 2024-02-04 Eli_IELTS15_Test2_Part1

## 答题

1. Eustatis

2. review

3. electronic music / dance

4. chat

## 知识点

1. be + n./adj./prep

2. festival n. 节日

   holiday n. 假日

   vacation n. 度假

3. orchestra n. 管弦乐队

   choir n. 合唱团(注意发音)

4. appeal to sb. v. 吸引某人

   appeal (法律环境下) 上诉

5. My whole family

   all of my family members

6. spell 过去分词 spelt

7. late adv. 晚了

   latest adj. 最新的

   lately adv. 最近地

8. ideal adj. 理想的

   ideally adv.

9. write wrote written

10. 注意 it 的发音

    go for it

    I like it

    eat it

    take it

11. aim at

    be aimed at

12. amateur adj. 业余的

    professional n. 专业的

13. put on a show 举办一个演出

14. compose v. 写文章;写歌 (本质是组成)

15. rather adv. 等于 very

16. get got gotten (过去分词现在也可以是 got)

## 听写与原文

1. Good morning. Your are through tourists information office. Tim speaking, how can I help you?

   - Good morning. Your are through to the tourists information office. Tim speaking, how can I help you?

2. Oh hello. Could you get me some information about next month festival please. My family and I will be stay in the town that week.

   - Oh hello. Could you give me some information about next month's festival please. My family and I will be staying in the town that week.

3. Of course. While It starts with the concert on the afternoon of 17th. Oh I heard about that, the ochestra and the singer come from the USA don't they.

   - Of course. Well it starts with a concert on the afternoon of the 17th. Oh I heard about that, the orchestra and singers come from the USA, don't they.

4. They're from Canada. They're very popular over there.

   - They're from Canada. They're very popular over there.

5. They're going to perform a number of well-known pieces that will appeal children as well as adults.

   - They're going to perform a number of well-known pieces that will appeal to children as well as adults.

6. That sounds good. My whole family are interested in music. The next day, the 18th. There is a performance by a ballet company called Ustaties.

   - That sounds good. My whole family are interested in music. The next day, the 18th. There is a performance by a ballet company called Ustaties.

7. Sorry. The name is spelled E-U-S-T-A-T-I-S. They were building last year festival and went on very well.

   - Sorry. The name is spelt E-U-S-T-A-T-I-S. They appeared last year's festival and went down very well.

8. Again, their program is designed for all ages. Good I expect to go to that. I hope there is a play during the festival, a comedy I deerly.

   - Again, their program is designed for all ages. Good I expect we'll go to that. I hope there is going to be a play during the festival, a comedy, ideally.

9. You're in a luck. On the 19th and 20th, a local amateur group are performing one written by a member of group.

   - You're in luck. On the 19th and 20th, a local amateur group are performing one written by a member of group.

10. It's called Jemima. That will be all in the town hal. They've already performed 2 or 3 times.

    - It's called Jemima. That will be on in the town hall. They've already performed it 2 or 3 times.

11. I haven't seen it myself. but the review in the local paper was very good. And is it suitable for children?

    - I haven't seen it myself. but the review in the local paper was very good. And is it suitable for children?

12. Yes, in fact, it's in more a children than a adult. So both performances are in the afternoon.

    - Yes, in fact, it's aimed more at children than at adult. So both performances are in the afternoon.

13. And what about dance? Will there be any performances? Yes, also on the 20th, but in the evening.

    - And what about dance? Will there be any performances? Yes, also on the 20th, but in the evening.

14. A professional company is putting on a show of modern piece with electronic music by young composers.

    - A professional company is putting on a show of modern pieces with electronic music by young composers. Uh-huh.

15. The show is about how people communicate or fail to communicate with each other. So it called a strange name: Chat.

    - The show is about how people communicate or fail to communicate with each other. So it's got the rather strange name: Chat.

16. I suppose that because that something we do both face to face and online.

    - I suppose that's because that's something we do both face to face and online. That's right.
