# 2024-03-21 Eli_IELTS12_Test6_Section4

## 答题

1. confidence

2. visions

3. democratic

4. respect

5. organization(mediator)

## 知识点

1. uncover v. 揭示

2. executive n. 高管（概念）

   director/manager n. 管理者（实际职位）

3. colleague n. 同事（= co-worker）；同志（很少用了）

4. be capable of 能够

5. question v. 质疑

6. vision n. 愿景

7. there are + ... are 升调，后面降调

   they're + ... 整句都是降调

8. strategy n. 策略

   strategic adj. 战略性的（发音重音从 tegic 开始）

9. autocratic adj. 专制的

10. happen to 碰巧

11. treat A as B

12. get out of hand 失控 = spiral out of control

13. resolve v. 解决 n. 决心

    resolution n. 决心 new year resolution

14. mouthpiece n. 喉舌（传话的人）

15. mediator n. 调停者、斡旋者、解决纷争的人

## 听写与原文

1. Some interesting work with Chief Executives (CEOs) has uncovered some of reasons why they may treat colleagues badly.

2. Many CEOs combine two opposing characteristics: confidence that is the belief they're capable of great achievements with high level of anxiety, a fear of missing targets whether set by themselves or by the directors of the company.

   - Many CEOs combine two opposing characteristics: confidence that is the belief that they're capable of great achievements with a high level of anxiety, a fear of missing targets whether set by themselves or by the directors of the company.

3. This combination can make them respond badly to anyone who questions their decisions.

4. In a high-pressure work environment, such characteristics become problematic.

5. And it's particularly difficult to tackle the situation where colleagues, managers and board members are all trying to achieve their own visions.

6. When they come to agree issues and while they see the business going they're real problems.

   - When they can't agree on strategic issues and on where they see the business going, there're real problems.

7. For managers at lower levels with in the organization it might seem that o form of management where the chief executives give the orders and everyone had to obey would see more conflict than others.

   - For managers at lower levels within the organization, it might seem that an autocratic form of management, where the chief executive gives orders and everyone else has to obey, would see more conflict than others.

8. Interestingly, though, a company with a more democratic business model can suffer more, when uncertainty about who to report to leads to conflicting demands.

9. Now I'll say a little about dealing with the type of conflict has harmful effect of course the ideal to prevant arising is in the first place.

   - Now I'll say a little about dealing with the type of conflict that has harmful effects. Of course the ideal is to prevent it (from) arising in the first place.

10. A good manager at any level will make efforts to earn respect of the people they work with particularly those who report to them.

    - A good manager, at any level, will make efforts to earn the respect of the people they work with, particularly those who report to them.

11. That will involve politeness in all communications, and treating them equals who happen to have a different role in the organization.

    - That will involve politeness in all communications, and treating them as equals who happen to have a different role within the organization.

12. In such cases, the human resources department often gets involved.

13. However, if one of the parties in the conflict seize human resources as simplely a mouse piece for the chief executive then an external mediator might be able to help.

    - However, if one of the parties in a conflict sees human resources as simply a mouthpiece for the chief executive, then an external mediator might be able to help.

14. By talking to both sides and trying to find the truths of what's been happening, they can build a clear picture of the situation and give feedback the both side will accept, precisely because they're independent.

    - By talking to both sides and trying to find the truth of what's been happening, they can build a clear picture of the situation and give feedback that both sides will accept, precisely because they're independent.
