# 2024-03-06 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. choco (irrigation)

2. government (women)

3. wires (wire)

4. seeds

5. posts

## 知识点

1. case study n. 案例分析

2. set up v. 建立

3. rural adj. 乡村的

   urban adj. 城市的

4. community n. 群体

5. district n. 地区

6. arid adj. 干旱的

7. barren adj. 荒芜的；不育的、不孕的

8. means n. = way 这个单词天生有 s，不是复数，所以 a means of 正确

   mean v. 意味着

9. use up v. 用完了、耗尽了

10. 表示利用的意思

    make use of

    take advantage of

    utilize

    make the most of

    employ

    exploit

    deploy

11. irrigate v. 灌溉

    irrigation n. 灌溉

12. implement v. 实施（虽然是 ment 结尾，但是动词）

    implement changes/decisions/policies/reforms

13. associate v. 关联

    associate A with B

    association n. 协会、团体

14. It is likely that

    It seems that

    It is notable that

    形式主语两种主要形式

    1. It is adj. for sb. to do.

    2. It is adj. that

15. carry out 实施 = implement

    carry out/implement plan/contract/task/experiment

16. breed v. 繁殖、饲养、培育 n. 品种（聊天问猫和狗的时候用）

17. workforce/laborforce 劳动力

18. fence n. 栅栏 v. 圈起来、围起来

    fence off 隔开

19. demestic adj. 家庭的；范围内的；国内的；驯养的

    反义词 wild

20. wire n. 金属线 v. 将...连接到（磁带录音机、计算机等设备）

    wire up 给...安装窃听器

21. be responsible for 为...负责

22. once 连词 译为 一旦

23. cultivate v. 培养、耕种、栽培、培育

24. content v. 满意的 n. 内容

    I like the content on my ipad.

25. dig v. 挖 过去式 dug

26. cereal n. 谷物

27. appropriate adj. 合适的 v. 盗用、挪用、占用、侵吞

    appropriation n. 擅自调用、盗用、挪用、占用、侵吞

28. 连词：and/or/but/so/so that

29. pump n. v. 泵

    pipe n. 水管、管道

30. bring 过去式、过去分词 brought

31. post n. 柱子 v. 邮寄；张贴、公布、宣布

## 听写与原文

1. I am going to report on a case study of program which has been set up to help rural populations in Mozambique, a largely algricultural country in South-East Africa.

2. The program what with three communities in Chicualacuala near the Limpopo river. This is a dry and arid region with unpredictable rainfall.

   - The program worked with three communities in Chicualacuala district near the Limpopo river. This is a dry and arid region with unpredictable rainfall.

3. Because of this, people in the area were unable to support themselves through agriculture, and instead, they use the forest as means of providing themselves with income, mainly by selling charcoal.

   - Because of this, people in the area were unable to support themselves through agriculture, and instead, they used the forest as a means of providing themselves with an income, mainly by selling charcoal.

4. However, this was not a sustainable way of living in a long term, as they will rapidly using up this resource.

   - However, this was not a sustainable way of living in the long term, as they were rapidly using up this resource.

5. To support agriculture in this dry region, the program foucused on making use of water in Limpopo River by set up systems of irrgation, which would provide a dependable water supply for crops and animals.

   - To support agriculture in this dry region, the program foucused primarily on making use of existing water resources from the Limpopo River by setting up systems of irrigation, which would provide a dependable water supply for crops and animals.

6. The program worked closely with the district government in order to find the best way of implementing this.

7. The region already had one farmer's association, and it was decided to set up two more of these.

8. These associations planned and carried out activities, including water management, live stock breading, and agriculture, and it was notable that in general women formed the majority of the workforce.

   - These associations planned and carried out activities, including water management, livestock breeding, and agriculture, and it was notable that in general women formed the majority of the workforce.

9. It was decided that in order to keep crops safe from animals both wild or domestic, special area should be fenced off where the crops could be grown.

   - It was decided that in order to keep the crops safe from animals, both wild and domestic, special areas should be fenced off where the crops could be grown.

10. The community was responsible for creating these fences, but the program provided the necessary wire for making them.

11. Once the area had been fenced off, it could be cultivated.

12. The land was dug so that vegetables and serials proper climate could be grown and the program provide necessary seeds for this.

    - The land was dug, so that vegetables and cereals appropriate to the climate could be grown and the program provided necessary seeds for this.

13. The program also provided pumps so that water could be brought from the river in pipe to the fields.

    - The program also provided pumps so that water could be brought from the river in pipes to the fields.

14. However, the labor was all provided by local people, and they also provided and put up the posts that supported the fences around the fields.
