# 2024-02-22 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. AE(BD)

2. BC

## 知识点

1. be supposed to 应该

2. set up 安装 set sth. up

   set up 陷害 set sb. up

3. study 及物

4. profile n. 个人

   high-profile 高调的

   low-profile 低调的

5. primary adj. 主要的；基础的；最初的

   primarily adj. 主要地（没有最初的意思）

6. public adj. n. 公众

   publicize v. 宣传

7. presume v. 假设；假定（用得很少，用 assume 更多）

   presumably adv. 很可能

8. 随便

   It's up to you.

   Whatever.

9. leading 语调一致

   lead-in in 有个转音

10. campaign n. v. 搞活动、宣传

11. other than 除了

12. incline v. 倾向于

    be inclined to do sth.

    sb incline to do sth.

## 听写与原文

1. OK. Graham. So let's check we both know what we supposed doing. OK.

   - OK. Graham. So let's check we both know what we're supposed to be doing. OK.

2. So for the university's open day, we have to plan a display on British life and literature in the mid nineteen century.

   - So, for the university's open day, we have to plan a display on British life and literature in the mid nineteenth century.

3. That's right. But we'll have some people to help to find some material and set it up the number.

   - That's right. But we'll have some people to help us find the materials and set it up, remember-for the moment, we just need to plan it.

4. Good. So have you gathered who is expected to come and see this display.

   - Good. So have you gathered who is expected to come and see the display.

5. Is it for the people studying in English or students from other departments. I'm not clear about it. Nor me.

   - Is it for the people studying English or students from other departments? I'm not clear about it. Nor me.

6. That was how it used to be. But it didn't attract many people. So this year it's going to apart open day to raise university's profile.

   - That was how it used to be, but it didn't attract many people, so this year it's going to be part of an open day to raise the university's profile.

7. You'll be publiside to the city to encourage people to come and find out somethings that what's going on here.

   - It'll be publicized in the city, to encourage people to come and find out something of what goes on here.

8. And it's included information that sent to people who considering apply and study in the next year.

   - And it's included in the information that's sent to people who are considering applying to study here next year.

9. Presumebly, some current students selectrues come? I don't imagine so. but we've been told to concentrate on other categories of people.

   - Presumably, some current students and lecturers will come? I would imagine so. but we've been told to concentrate on the other categories of people.

10. Right. We don't have to cover the whole range of the 19th century lecture, Do we? No, it's italia to us.

    - Right. We don't have to cover the whole range of 19th century literature, do we? No, it's entirely up to us.

11. I suggest just using Charles Dickens. That's a good idea.

12. Most people have heard of him and probably read some of his novel or seen the films based on them. So that's a good leading to life in his time. Exactly.

    - Most people have heard of him, and probably read some of his novel or seen the films based on them, So that's a good lead-in to life in his time. Exactly.

13. And his novels show the awful condition that most people live in don't they? He wanted to shout people to doing something about it.

    - And his novels show the awful conditions that most people had to live in, don't they? He wanted to shock people into doing something about it.

14. Did he do any campaigning on other writing? Yes.

    - Did he do any campaigning, other than writing? Yes.

15. He campaigned for education and other social reforms and give talks. I'm into ignore that and focus on novels. Yes. I agree.

    - He campaigned for education and other social reforms and gave talks. but I'm inclined to ignore that and focus on the novels. Yes. I agree.
