# 2024-07-19 Eli_BBC-News_1

## 知识点

1. sharp adj. 锋利的；时髦的、入时的（形容人穿着）；敏锐的；灵敏的

2. intense adj. 强烈的、激烈的

   intensify v. 强化、加剧

3. downgrade v. 降级

   upgrade v. 升级

4. Greece n. 希腊

   Greek adj. 希腊的、希腊语、希腊人

5. bond n. v. 纽带、联系、关系 n. 债券

6. forbid sb. from sth. 禁止某人做某事

7. take fright at sth. 因某事受惊吓

8. default v. 违约；设为缺省 n. 违约；缺省、默认

9. mount vi. 逐步增加 vt. 组织（ = organize）；安装 n. 支架

## 听写

1. Stock markets in Europe and the United States are fallen sharply in response to further sense that data crisis and intensify, and could spread to other countries.

   - Stock markets in Europe and the United States have fallen sharply in response to further signs that the debt crisis in Greece is intensifying, and could spread to other countries.

2. Share prices in New York, London, Frankfurt and Paris fell by more than 2% after major international credit level agency, Standard & Poor's, degraded Greece debt to junk.

   - Share prices in New York, London, Frankfurt and Paris fell by more than 2% after major international credit-rating agency, Standard & Poor's, downgraded Greek debt to a level known informally as junk.

3. Standard & Poor's downgraded its assessment of Greek bond to so-call junk status, because of great dangers that bond holders wouldn't be paid back in full.

   - Standard & Poor's downgraded its assessment of Greek bonds to so-called junk status, because of the growing danger that the bond holders will not be paid back in full.

4. Many big investment funds have rules that the bonds, so their moves likely to triggered a further around of selling.

   - Many big investment funds have rules that forbid them from holding junk bonds, so the move is likely to trigger a further around of selling.

5. Share markets have taken fraight its debt. it will hit many European banks which hold great bonds which could trigger a wide financial crisis.

   - Share markets have taken fright, fearing that if Greece does default on its debt. it would hit many European banks which hold great bonds and could trigger a wide financial crisis.

6. Already pressure is mounting on Portugal which is also seem downgraded today, although remain above junk status.

   - Already pressure is mounting on Portugal which has also seen its credit-rating downgraded today, although it remains above junk status.
