# 2024-03-09 Eli_IELTS15_Test1_Part4-2

## 知识点

1. look/taste/sound/feel/smell/become/seem 系动词=be 动词变形，因此后面可以直接加名词， there becomes n./it seems that

2. as if 就好像

3. do with = deal with

   A do with B A 解决了 B

   be to do with 有关系

   A is to do with B A 和 B 有关系

4. bush 灌木丛；一丛浓密的毛发

5. vegetation 植被（植物的总称）

6. ecology n. 生态学

7. bushfire n. 野火

8. frequent adj. 频繁的

9. rather adv. very

   I am rather happy.

10. result in = lead to 导致

11. afterwards adv. 之后

12. fairly adv. 公平地；相当的 = very = rather

13. species n. 物种（天生带 s，单复同型）

14. consume v. 消耗

15. proliferate v. 迅速繁殖（或增殖）；猛增

16. compose v. 写作、作曲；组成；使冷静

    composure n. 冷静

    keep one's composure

17. nutrient n. 营养物（具体的）

    nutrition n. 营养（概念总称）

18. as long as 只要

    as far as/so far as 至于

19. before 翻译为“然后”能加速理解

20. indigenous adj. 本地的、当地的、土生土长的

## 听写与原文

1. But experts say that the trees can't stop looking sick before any sign of Bell-miner Associated Die-back.

   - But experts say that the trees can start looking sick before any sign of Bell-miner Associated Die-back.

2. So it looks as if the problem might have another explanation.

3. One possibility is that is to do with huge bushfires we have in Australia.

   - One possibility is that it's to do with the huge bushfires that we have in Australia.

4. A theory proposed over 40 years ago, by ecologist William Jackson, is that the frequency of bushfire in particular region affects the type of vegetation that grows there.

   - A theory proposed over 40 years ago, by ecologist William Jackson, is that the frequency of bushfires in a particular region affects the type of vegetation that grows there.

5. If there are very frequent bushfires in a region, this encourages grass to grow after woods, while if the bushfires are rather less frequent, this result in the growth of eucalyptus forests.

   - If there are very frequent bushfires in a region, this encourages grass to grow afterwards, while if the bushfires are rather less frequent, this results in the growth of eucalyptus forests.

6. So why is this? Why do fairly frequent bushfires actually support the growth of eucalyptus.

7. While one reason is that the fire stop the growth of other species which would consume water needed by eucalyptus trees.

   - Well, one reason is that the fire stops the growth of other species, which would consume water needed by eucalyptus trees.

8. If these other quick growing species of bushes and plants are allow to pril, they harm eucaliptus in other way by affecting the composition of the soil and moving nutriants from it.

   - If these other quick-growing species of bushes and plants are allowed to proliferate, they harm the eucaliptus in another way, by affecting the composition of the soil, and removing nutrients from it.

9. So some bushfires are actually essential for eucalyptus to survive as long as it's not too frequent.

   - So some bushfires are actually essential for the eucalyptus to survive as long as they're not too frequent.

10. In fact, there is evidence that the australia indigenants people practice regular burning of bush land for thousands of years before the arrive of the Europeans.

    - In fact, there is evidence that Australia's indigenous people practiced regular burning of bush land for thousands of years before the arrival of the Europeans.
