# 2024-03-03 Eli_IELTS

## 知识点

1. nap n. 午睡；短时间睡眠

   take a nap

2. preschool n. 幼儿园、学前班

3. eliminate v. 去除

4. downtime n. 休息或停止的时间

5. fit in vi. 融入（不及物）

   I can fit in in my new school.

   fit in vt. 加入、安排（及物）

6. at the expense of 牺牲了

7. snooze = nap

8. retain v. 保留

9. obtain v. gain get

10. (In order) To do sth., 主谓宾

11. affect v. 影响

    effect n. have an effect on

12. 过去式和原型一样重要的词

    teach taught

    buy bought

    bring brought

13. 系动词：stay/become/seem

    系动词 = be

    系动词后面加 adj.

14. Although 分句, 主句

15. memorial n. 纪念碑；追悼会（重音在中间）

    memory 重音在前面

16. sleepy adj. 困的

17. When 分句（主谓宾），主句（主谓宾）

    分句主语和主句一样时，分句主语和 be 动词可以省略

    When played this game, I felt happy.

18. This person who(升调) 定从(升调) 谓语(降调) 宾语(降调)

19. When 状语从句（升调）, this person（降调） who 定从（升调）谓语（降调）宾语

20. initial adj. 最初的、第一个 n. 首字母大写

21. syllavus n. 教学大纲

## 科学美国人

1. The mid-day nap is the pre school tradition, but is it necessary?

   - The midday nap is a preschool tradition, but is it necessary?

2. Some preschools plan to eliminate this down time to feed in more teaching, which could come the expensive learning.

   - Some preschools plan to eliminate this downtime to fit in more teaching, which could come at the expense of learning.

3. Because the study suggests that the snooze may help kids obtain the information they learned earlier in the day.

   - Because a study suggests that the snooze may help kids retain information they learned earlier in the day.

4. To see how nap affect academic performance, researchers taught 40 preschoollers between ages from 3 to 6 to perform a memory task.

   - To see how naps affect academic performance, researchers taught 40 preschoolers between the ages of 3 and 6 to perform a memory task.

5. After a few hours of break time, the children need stay awake or got a nap. sleeping for average 77 minutes.

   - After a few hours of break time, the children either stayed awake or got a nap. sleeping for an average of 77 minutes.

6. Of an nap in, no significant differences to fill in sleepiness it did help enhance memory.

   - Although napping made no significant difference to fellings of sleepiness, it did help enhance memory.

7. When tested later in the day, students who had rested performed better.

   - When (students was) tested later in the day, students who had rested performed better.

8. Even the next day, the children who had napped after initial lessons still retained more information.

   - Even the next day, the children who had napped after the initial lessons still retained more information.

9. The benifit was greatest for students who took naps regularly, not just in the study, which suggests the schools may wants to keep sleep on celevest.

   - The benifit was (the) greatest for students who took naps regularly, not just during the study, which suggests the schools may want to keep sleep on the syllabus.
