# 2024-07-12 Eli_IELTS12_Test5_Section1-2

## 知识点

1. trail n. （特定的一条）路线、路径

2. scenery n. 风景

   scene n. 一幕、一个场景

   crime scene 犯罪现场

3. extra charge 额外收费

4. What's sth. like? like prep. 介词

   What do sb. like? like v. 喜欢

5. challenging adj. = difficult / hard

6. a bit adv. 一点点

   a lot adv. 很多

   （注意是副词，所以可修饰形容词）

7. might 爆破后发音和 my 一样，但 that 后不可能跟 my，因此是 that might

8. work-out n. 锻炼

   work out v. 进展得不错

9. by 在表示地理位置时 = next to

10. kit n. 一套工具、工具箱

11. I assume I can do sth. assume 本义是“假设”，但表示委婉地想要做

12. round prep. = around prep.

13. how much? （平时买个便宜的东西） / what sort of prices are we looking at here? （买些贵的东西，或者购买物价格构成比较复杂的）

14. fare n. 车票、船票（机票是 ticket） vi. 表现

    fare well 表现得好

    farewell 永别

## 听写

1. So, is there anything else to do over on that S lake?

   - So, is there anything else to do over on that side of the lake?

2. Well, what you can do is to take a bike over on the ship and then going a cycling trip.

   - Well, what you can do is take a bike over on the ship and then go on a cycling trip.

3. There's a trial be? for the back road. You could easily spend three or four hours exploring it.

   - There's a trail there called the Back Road. You could easily spend three or four hours exploring it.

4. And the scenary is wonderful. They'll give you a math when you get your ticket for cruise. There's no extra charge.

   - And the scenery is wonderful. They'll give you a map when you get your ticket for the cruise. There's no extra charge.

5. What's the trail like in terms of difficulty. Quite challenging in places.

6. It wouldn't be suitable for your seven-year-old. It needs someone who's got more on experience.

   - It wouldn't be suitable for your seven-year-old. It needs someone who's got a bit more experience.

7. Well, my daughter loves cycling. And so do I. So maybe the two of us could go. And my wife and son could stay on the farm.

8. That my workout quite well. But we don't have bikes here. Is there somewhere we could rent them?

   - That might work out quite well. But we don't have bikes here. Is there somewhere we could rent them?

9. I'll just make a note of that. How do you spell it?

10. OK. You'd also need to pick up a repair kit for the bike from there to take along with you.

11. And you need to take along a snack and some water. It would be best to get some of those in the city.

    - And you'd need to take along a snack and some water. It would be best to get those in the city.

12. And I assume I can rent a helmet from the bike place. Sure, you should definitely get that.

13. It's a great right. You won't to be well-prepared. Because it's really remote. You won't see any shops around there or anywhere to stay.

    - It's a great ride. But you want to be well-prepared because it's very remote. You won't see any shops round there or anywhere to stay.

14. So you need to get back in time for the last boat. Yeah, so what sort of prices are we looking at here.

15. Let's see. That would be one adult and one child for the cruise with farm tour. That's $117.

16. And an adult and a child for the cruise sold that $214 altogether.

    - And an adult and a child for the cruise only. so that's $214 altogether.

17. Then I'm afraid it's $267 because she has to pay the adult fair which is $75 instead of the child fair was $22. Sorry about that.

    - Then I'm afraid it's $267 because she has to pay the adult fare which is $75 instead of the child fare was $22. Sorry about that.
