# 2024-02-23 Eli_IELTS15_Test2_Part3-2

## 答题

1. G

2. B

3. D

4. C

5. E(H)

6. F

## 知识点

1. 's = is/us(let's go)/物主代词，表示“...的”(sth.'s)/极少的口语环境下表示 has（非正式，不可用于写作中）

   've = have(仅在完成时中，have 作实义动词时不可缩写)

   'd = would/had

2. shall = should + will

3. print out 打印出来

4. adapt v. 改编

5. straight away = right away

6. syndrome n. 综合征

7. name after 命名

8. quotation n. 引用

   quote n. 引用

9. a lot n. 名词 there's a lot in the novel.

   a lot adv.

10. learn 有两种过去式 learnt learned

11. touring adj. 巡回的

12. of the time 当时

13. amusement park 游乐园（迪士尼等）

    amusement 更多指娱乐的具体方式

    entertainment 更多指娱乐的一个行业，如唱歌行业、电影行业

14. draw on = count on = depend on 利用；依赖

15. Have you been to Beijing? 你去过北京没？

    Have you gone to Beijing? 你去了北京没？

16. taught drew wrote learnt 这种不规则的词都要跟原形一样重视

17. satire n. 讽刺；讥讽

18. heroine n. 女主角

19. guardian n. 守卫者、保卫者；监护人

20. in charge of 管理

    in the charge of 被管理

21. inherit v. 继承

    fortune n. 好运；财富

    fortune cookie 好运饼干（里面有张纸）

22. kind of adv. 有点儿

## 听写与原文

1. OK. So now shall we think about topic link to each novel.

   - OK. So now shall we think about a topic linked to each novel?

2. Yes. I've printed out a list of the Dickens's novels in the order they have been published. In the help that You could focus on him.

   - Yes. I've printed out a list of the Dickens's novels in the order they were published, in the hope You would agree to focus on him!

3. You're lucky I did agree. Let's have a look. OK. The first was The pickwick Papers, published in 1836.

   - You're lucky I did agree. Let's have a look. OK, the first was The pickwick Papers, published in 1836.

4. It was very successful when it came out, wasn't it? And Was it adapt to the theater in a straight way.

   - It was very successful when it came out, wasn't it? and was adapted for the theatre straight away.

5. There's an interesting point, though, and there is a character who keep falling asleep. and that medical condition named the book Pickwickian Syndrome.

   - There's an interesting point, though, that there's a character who keeps falling asleep, and that medical condition was named after the book - Pickwickian Syndrome.

6. Oh, I don't use that for the topic. and include some quotations from the novel?

   - Oh, so why don't we use that as the topic, and include some quotations from the novel?

7. Right, next is Oliver Twist. There's a lot in novel about poverty. Maybe something less obvious. Well, Oliver is isn't he?

   - Right, next is Oliver Twist. There's a lot in the novel about poverty. But maybe something less obvious. Well, Oliver is taught how to steal, isn't he?

8. We could use that to illustrate the fact that very few children went to school particularly not poor children. So they learnt another ways.

   - We could use that to illustrate the fact that very few children went to school, particularly not poor children, so they learnt in other ways.

9. Good idea. What's next? Maybe Nicholas Nickleby. Actually he taught in a really cruel school, didn't he? That's right.

   - Good idea. What's next? Maybe Nicholas Nickleby. Actually he taught in a really cruel school, didn't he? That's right.

10. But this's also the company of touring actor Nicholas joins.

    - But there's also the company of touring actors that Nicholas joins.

11. We could do something on theatres and other amusement through the time. We don't want only the bad things do we? OK.

    - We could do something on theatres and other amusements of the time. We don't want only the bad things do we? OK.

12. What about Martin Chuzzlewit? He goes to the USA, doesn't he? Yes, and Dickens himself have been there a year before and drawn experience there in the novel.

    - What about Martin Chuzzlewit? He goes to the USA, doesn't he? Yes, and Dickens himself had been there a year before and drew on his experience there in the novel.

13. I wonder, though, The main theme is selfishness, so we could do something on social justice? Em. No, too general.

    - I wonder, though, the main theme is selfishness, so we could do something on social justice? Em. No, too general. Let's keep to your idea. I think it would work well.

14. He wrote Bleak House next. That's my favorite visit novels. Yes, mine too. He set our a legal systems pretty powerful.

    - He wrote Bleak House next. That's my favorite of his novels. Yes, mine too. His satire of the legal systems pretty powerful.

15. That's true. I think that . As a child, she live with someone she didn't know is her aunt. They treat her very badly.

    - That's true. but think about Esther, the heroine. As a child, she lives with someone (who) she doesn't know is her aunt, who treat her very badly.

16. Then she's very happy living with her gadian, she puts in charge of her household.

    - Then she's very happy living with her guardian, and he puts her in charge of the household.

17. At the end, she gets married and her guardian gives her and her husband a house. where of course, they're very happy.

    - At the end, she gets married and her guardian gives her and her husband a house. where of course, they're very happy.

18. What we take next? Little Dorrit? Or Mr Dorrit has been the recent year? father

    - What should we take next? Little Dorrit? Old Mr Dorrit has been in a debtors' prison for years? So was Dickens's father, wasn't he?

19. What about focusing on the part when Mr Dorrit and start pretending he was rich.

    - What about focusing on the part when Mr Dorrit inherits a fortune, and he starts pretending he's always been rich.

20. Good idea. OK, so next we need to think about what materials we want to illustrate each issue that's quite hard.

    - Good idea. OK, so next we need to think about what materials we want to illustrate each issue that's kind of to be quite hard.
