# 2024-02-08 Eli_IELTS15_Test3_Part2-1

## 答题

1. B

2. C (A)

3. C

4. C (B)

5. A (C)

6. B

## 知识点

1. 句子 A so that 句子 B 翻译为 以致于

2. catch caught caught

   catch on 流行起来

3. toddler n. 二三岁的小孩子

4. campaign n. v. 宣传

5. It takes some time for sb to do sth.

6. A, before B A 先发生 B 后发生, before 后置可以翻译为然后

7. up and running 正常运营

8. elderly adj. 年纪大的(注意这里虽然以 ly 结尾,但是形容词)

   elder n. 老年人

9. at the end of the day

   in the end

   at the end

10. 从句通常是升调,主句通常是降调

11. motorbike 摩托车

    motorist n. 开机动车的人

12. sides signs size science 注意区分发音

13. close adj. 近的 (注意形容词没有关的意思这个细节) v. 关 (本质上是接近,关门就是门和门框接近,所以不能用来说关电脑)

14. access n. 渠道;途径

    access to

15. give it a go/try 去试一下

16. get sth. done

    get adj.

## 听写与原文

1. My guest on the show today is Alice Riches who started this Street Play Scheme where she lives in Beechwood road.

   - My guest on the show today is Alice Riches who started the Street Play Scheme where she lives in Beechwood road.

2. For those street plays involves local residents for a few hours so the children could play few hours safely.

   - For those of you that don't already know, Street Plays involves local residents closing off their street for a few hours so that children have a chance to play in the street safely.

3. She started it in her own street B road, and the idea got on and there are now street play scheme all over the city.

   - She started it in her own street, Beechwood Road, and the idea caught on and there are now Street Play Schemes all over the city.

4. Well I first have the idea when my oldest child about six years from now. It took at least two years compaigning when make it happened.

   - Well, I first had the idea when my oldest child was still a toddler, so that's about six years ago now - but it took at least two years of compaigning before we were actually able to make it happen.

5. So the scheme has been up and running for three years now.

   - So the scheme's been up and running for three years now.

6. We'd love to be able to close our road for longer for whole weekends from Saturday morning until Sunday evening for example.

   - We'd love to be able to close our road for longer - for the whole weekends, from Saturday morning until Sunday evening, for example.

7. At the moment it's just once a week. When we started it was only once a month. We're working on it.

   - At the moment it's just once a week. But when we started it was only once a month. But we're working on it.

8. So what actually happens when Beechwood Road closed? We have volunteers. Most of them parents elderly resident who block off the road in the end.

   － So what actually happens when Beechwood Road is closed? We have volunteer wardens, mostly parents but some elderly residents too, who block off our road at either end.

9. The council have provided special signs. ButThere's always volunteers there to explain what happens to motorvates.

   - The council have provided special signs. But there's always a volunteer there to explain what's happening to any motorists.

10. Generally, they're fine about it. We've only to get police involved once or twice.

    - Generally, they're fine about it. We've only had to get the police involved once or twice.

11. Now, I should explain that the road isn't completely close to cars. But only resident's cars are allowed.

    - Now, I should explain that the road isn't completely close to cars. But only residents' cars are allowed.

12. If people really need to get in or out the Beechwood Road. It's not a problem. As long as they drived under 20 km/h.

    - If people really need to get in or out of Beechwood Road. It's not a problem. As long as they drive at under 20 kilometers per hour.

13. Most people just said they'll not to use their car during this time. Or they park in another street.

    - But most people just decide not to use their cars during this time. Or they park in another street.

14. The wardens are owning there to stop through the traffic. So could anyone apply to get involved in the Street Play?

    - The wardens are only there to stop through traffic. So can anyone apply to get involved in Street Play?

15. Absolutely, we want to include all kids in the city. Especially those who live on BC Road. It's here the demand is greatest.

    - Absolutely, we want to include all kids in the city. Especially those who live on busy roads. It's here that demand is greatest.

16. Obviously, there isn't such demand in wellfare areas where children have access to parks also large gardens or in the suburbs where usually have large space to play outside.

    - Obviously, there isn't such demand in wealthier areas where the children have access to parks or large gardens - or in the suburbs where there are usually more places for children to play outside.

17. I recommand anyone listening who likes the idea should just give it go.

    - **I'd** recommend **that** anyone listening who likes the idea should just give it a go.

18. We've been surprised by the positive reactions of residents all over the city, and not just parents.

    - We've been surprised by the positive reaction of residents all over the city, and that's not just parents.

19. There're always few who will complain. There're tiny minority.

    - There're always a few who complain. but they're a tiny minority.

20. On the whole, everyone is very supportive and said that they're happy to see children out on the street. Even that guys get quite noisy.

    - On the whole, everyone is very supportive and say they're very happy to see children out on the street. Even if it does get quite noisy.
