# 2024-02-20 Eli_IELTS15_Test1_Part3-2

## 答题

1. C

2. A

3. BD

## 知识点

1. rivalry 宿敌

2. put up with 忍受

   tolerate v.

   tolerant adj.

   stand

   bear

3. What is the problem with you? 你有什么问题吗？

   What's wrong with you? 你有毛病吗？！

4. prove adj.

   be proved to be

5. performance's 's 吞了不发音

   performances 正常发音

6. take into consideration 考虑 = take into account

   take into consideration sth.

   take sth. into consideration

7. account for + 百分比 译为占据

   account for + 非百分比 译为解释

8. margin n. 边缘 利润（收入成本差）

   marginal adj. 微小的

   marginally = slightly = a bit

9. verbal adj. 口头的；词语的；文字的

   verbalize v. 口头化

10. incredibly = very

11. amicable adj. 心平气和的；友善的

12. sb. is prepared to do 某人已经准备好了去做某事

## 听写与原文

1. What was the problem with most of these studies, do you think?

2. I think it was because in a lot cases data was collected who rated for him or her themselves his or her siblings at the same time.

   - I think it was because in a lot of cases data was collected from only one sibling per family, who rated him or herself and his or her siblings at the same time.

3. Em. Some of the old research and the relationship between birth order and academic achivement has been proved accurate though.

   - Em. Some of the old research into the relationship between birth order and academic achivement has been proved to be accurate though.

4. Performances in intelligence test declines likely from the elder child to his or her youngest siblings.

   - Performances in intelligence test declines slightly from the eldest child to his or her younger siblings.

5. These has been proved to be many studies. Yes. Although what many of them taken into consideration was family size.

   - These has been proved in lots of recent studies. Yes. Although what many of them didn't take into consideration was family size.

6. The more siblings that are likely the family is has low social which can also count difference between siblings in academic performance.

   - The more siblings there are, the likelier the family is to have a low social economic status, which can also account for differences between siblings in academic performance.

7. The oldest boy might be given more oppotunities than his younger sisters for example. Exactly.

   - The oldest boy might be given more oppotunities than his younger sisters, for example. Exactly.

8. But the main reason for the marginally higher academic performance of oldest children is quite surprising, I think.

9. It's not only the benefit interlectually at young age, which was I would expected.

   - It's not only that they benefit intellectually from extra attention at young age, which is what I would have expected.

10. It's would be benefit from being younger teachers for their younger sisters by verbolizing processes.

    - It's that they benefit from being teachers for their younger siblings, by verbalising processes.

11. Right. And this give them status and confidence. which gain contributes and small ways to better performance.

    - Right, and this give them status and confidence. which again contributes, in small ways, to better performance.

12. So would you say sibling rivalry has been a useful thing for you?

13. I think so. My younger brother was incredibly annoying. I am foot a lot. but I think this is made me a stronger person. I know how to defend myself.

    - I think so. My younger brother was incredibly annoying and we fought a lot. but I think this has made me a stronger person. I know how to defend myself.

14. We have some terrible arguements. I would have died rather than apologize to him. but we have to put up with each other. we coexisted emicly enough.

    - We had some terrible arguements and I would have died rather than apologise to him - but we had to put up with each other and most of the time we co-existed amicably enough.

15. Yes, my situation was pretty similar.

16. But I don't think having two older brother made me any less selfish. I would never use my stuff.

    - But I don't think having two older brothers made me any less selfish. I was never prepared to let my brothers use any of my stuff.
