# 2024-07-31/08-01 Eli_IELTS11_Test3_Section4

## 答题

1. insight (attitudes)

2. content (numbers)

3. time

4. software

5. location (patients)

6. emotions

7. income

8. comfortable

9. observation

10. analysis

## 知识点

1. sb. aim at sth.

   sth. is aimed at

2. the way 后面加句子

3. anthropology n. 人类学

4. get to do with sth. 与某事有关

5. insight into sth.

6. attitude to/towards/toward sth.

7. flower n. 花

   flour n. 面粉

   发音一样

8. cook n. 厨师

   cooker n. 厨具

9. 描述实验步骤用过去式

10. top seller = best seller

11. entrepreneur n. 创业者

    entrepreneurship n. 创业

12. pay for 支付

    in advance 提前

    pay (in advance) for

    due to 因为

    to a large extent 在很大程度上

    due (to a large extent) to

13. carry out v. 实施、进行、开始、做

14. Excel 是软件

    spreadsheet n. 电子表格

    Powerpoint 是软件

    slide n. 幻灯片

15. tablet n. 平板电脑、写字板

16. occasionally adv. 偶然的

17. airline n. 航空公司

    route n. 航线、路线

    flight n. 一班飞机

    trip n. 一段旅程，从一个地方到另一个地方

    voyage n. 海上一次旅程（文学化的）

18. inform v. 告知

    inform sb. of sth.

    information n. 信息

19. You are that smart. that adv. 那么

20. criteria n. 标准（判断的条件）

    standard n. 标准（准绳）

21. bracket n. 括号；范围

    upper bracket 胜者组

    lower bracket 败者组

    age bracket 年龄段

22. go about 忙于、进行

23. as well as 和；除了（句首）= besides

24. at a time 一次

    at the time 当时

## 听写

1. So what I am going to talk about to you today is something called ethnography.

2. This is a type of research and is exploring what human cultures work.

   - This is a type of research aimed at exploring the way human cultures work.

3. It was first developed for use in enthology and it also be used in enthusiology and communication studies.

   - It was first developed for use in anthropology and it's also been used in sociology and communication studies.

4. So what's it got to do with business? you may ask.

5. Well, businesses are finding that ethnography can offer them deeper insight and the possible needs of customers by the present or future as well as providing valuable information of their attitudes towards existing products.

   - Well, businesses are finding that ethnography can offer them deeper insight into the possible needs of customers, either present or future, as well as providing valuable information about their attitudes towards existing products.

6. And ethnography can also help companies to design new products or services that customers really want.

7. One team of researchers did a project for a company manufacturing kitchen equipment.

8. They watched how cooks use measuring cups to measure up things like sugar and flower.

   - They watched how cooks used measuring cups to measure out things like sugar and flour.

9. They saw that the cooks had checked and rechecked the content, the cups although has the numbers in them, the cooks couldn't see these easily.

   - They saw that the cooks had to check and recheck the content, because although the measuring cups had numbers inside them, the cooks couldn't see these easily.

10. So a new design of cup was developed to overcome this problem, and it was the top seller.

    - So a new design of cup was developed to overcome this problem, and it was a top seller.

11. They found that people who didn't have their own phones could pay to use the phones of local entrepreneurs.

12. Because these customers paied in advance for their calls they were eager to know how much time they'd spend on call so far.

    - Because these customers paid in advance for their calls, they were eager to know how much time they'd spent on the call so far.

13. So the phone companies designed phones for use globally with this added feature.

    - So the phone company designed phones for use globally with this added feature.

14. In one company, IT system's administrators have observed for several week.

    - In one company, IT systems administrators were observed for several week.

15. It was found that a large amount of their work involved communicating with colleagues in order to solve problems, but that they didn't have a standard way of exchanging information from spread sheet and so on.

    - It was found that a large amount of their work involved communicating with colleagues in order to solve problems, but that they didn't have a standard way of exchanging information from spreadsheets and so on.

16. So the team came up with an idea for software that would help them to do this.

17. In another piece of research, a team observed and talked to nurses working in hospitals.

18. This let the recognition that the nurses need to access to computer records of their patients no matter where they were.

    - This led to the recognition that the nurses needed to access the computer records of their patients no matter where they were.

19. This led to the development of a portable computer tablet that allowed nurses to check out records and locations through out the hospital.

    - This led to the development of a portable computer tablet that allowed nurses to check records in locations throughout the hospital.

20. Ocassionally research can be done even the environments whether researchment can't be present

    - Ocassionally research can be done even in environments where the researchers can't be present.

21. For example, in one project, done for an airline, respondent use their smart phones record information during airlines trips, in study tracking emotions during passengers of the flight.

    - For example, in one project, done for an airline, respondents used their smartphones to record information during airline trips, in a study, aiming at tracking the emotions of passengers during a flight.

22. First of all, the researcher has to be completely open-minded, he or she hasn't thought up hypothesis to be tested as with the case in other types of the research.

    - First of all, the researcher has to be completely open-minded - he or she hasn't thought up a hypothesis to be tested, as is the case in other types of research.

23. Instead, they wave for the participants in the research to inform them.

    - Instead, they wait for the participants in the research to inform them.

24. As far as choosing the participants themselves as concerned, that's not really different for ordinary research.

    - As far as choosing the participants themselves is concerned, that's not really all that different from ordinary research.

25. The criteria according to which the participants are chosen may be something are simple age break they fall into.

    - The criteria according to which the participants are chosen may be something as simple as the age bracket they fall into.

26. Or the researchers may select them according to their income, Or they might try to find a set of people who all use a particular product, for example.

27. But it's absolutely crucial to recruit the right people as participants.

28. As well as the criteria I've mentioned, they have to be comfortable talking about themselves and being watched as they go about their activities.

29. But actually, most researchers say that people open up pretty easily, maybe because they're often in their own home or workplace.

30. So what makes this type of research special? is it not questionnaire , instead based on first time observation or what they're doing over the time.

    - So what makes this type of research special is that it's not just a matter of sending a questionnaire to the participants, instead the research is ususally based on first-hand observation of what they're doing at the time.
