# 2024-08-04 Eli_Scientific-America_3

## 知识点

1. figure out 弄清楚

2. union n. 工会；联合

   reunion n. 重聚

3. stalk v. （非法）跟踪、盯梢；大步走 n. 植物主茎；跟踪；大步走

4. suspicion n. 怀疑；嫌疑

   suspect n. 嫌疑犯

   suspense n. （对即将发生的事等的）担心；焦虑；兴奋；悬念

5. ethnical adj. 民族的（文化意识形态）

   racial adj. 种族的（生物上）

   race n. 种族

6. rural adj. 乡村

   suburban adj. 郊区的

   urban adj. 城市的

   countryside n. 农村

   suburb n. 郊区

   city n. 城市

7. adolescence 青春期以上的未成年人

   teenager 13-19 岁的孩子

8. deem v. = regard

9. by the time = when

10. pseudo- 前缀 假的

11. cachet n. 威望（发音 cashe）

    cache n. 缓存、隐藏物（发音 cash）

12. admire v. 钦佩（重音在 mi）

    admirable adj. 令人钦佩的（重音在 ad）

    adore v. 崇拜

13. ever- 前缀 更加

14. keep doing sth. 保持做

    keep sb. from doing 阻止某人做某事

15. think of A as B

16. turn out 结果是

17. shelf life 保存期、货架期（食品的）

## 听写

1. Share something you might figure out your high school of union by soccering Facebook year old classmates.

   - Here's something you might have figured out at your high school reunion or by Facebook-stalking your old classmates.

2. Being one of the cool kids does not necessarily mean being cool for life.

3. And now of child development confirms that suspension

   - And now a study in the journal of Child Development confirms that suspicion.

4. Researchers followed ethnically and resultly diverse sub-urban and urban kids from early adult license to adulthood.

   - Researchers followed ethnically and racially diverse sub-urban and urban kids from early adolescence to adulthood.

5. The kids who were cool at young age was ethsatic individuals with romantic relationship who broke rules and laws.

   - The kids who were deemed cool at a young age were high-status individuals with romantic relationships who broke rules and laws.

6. But they were no longer viewed that way by peers by the time they'were in their early 20s.

   - But they were no longer viewed that way by peers by the time they'were in their early 20's.

7. The sort of behavior that seemed so emorable at a young age lost cashe as the other kids gained axtural maturity.

   - The pseudo mature behavior that seemed so admirable at a young age lost cachet as the other kids gained actual maturity.

8. Meanwhile, as the young JD and MC aged, they have to engage in ever and keep linking themselves as cool.

   - Meanwhile, as the young JD and MC aged, they have to engage in ever-riskier behavior to keep thinking of themselves as cool.

9. By their early 20's, they were more likely to have drug and alcohol problems, relationship issues and criminal involvement.
