# 2024-02-01 Eli_IELTS_15_T1P1

## 答题

1. Jamieson
2. afternoon
3. communications
4. month
5. 11

## 知识点

1. was with would were

2. there are 语调升 they're 语调降

3. 定语从句语调上升

4. direct 有两个发音

5. was 升 wasn't 降

   would 升 wouldn't 降

   will won't

   could 升 couldn't 降

   should 升 shouldn't 降

6. fill file feel fail

7. it would be worth doing sth. 值得做某事

8. Clerk n. 文书;写会议纪要的人 Clergy n. 牧师

9. recruit v. 招募

   hire v. 雇佣

10. full-time 全职 temporary 兼职、临时

11. staff n. 职员

    stuff n. 东西

12. 主语从句 What is needed in your study is

    What you like is

    What is bad for your body is

    强调句 It's communication that really matters.

    sth matter vi. 重要的

13. last v. 持续

    at least 至少

    you are the last in the game. last 和 in 语调不同

    you are lasting a month. lasting 语调一致

14. rate n. 速率；费率（每小时多少钱）

## 听写与原文

1. Hello William. This is Amber. Is it to phone you if I want to get more information about the job agency you have mentioned. It's now a good time.

   - Hello William. This is Amber. You said to phone if I wanted to get more information about the job agency you mentioned. Is now a good time?

2. Oh, hi Amber. Yes. Fine. So the agency I was talking about is called Bankside. They are base in doclands. I can tell you the address now 497 Eastside.

   - Oh, hi Amber. Yes. Fine. So the agency I was talking about is called Bankside. - They are based in Docklands. - I can tell you the address now - 497 Eastside.

3. Ok thanks. So is there anyone in particular I should speak to there.

   - Ok thanks. So is there anyone in particular I should speak to there?

4. The agent I was always deal is called Becky Jamieson. Let me write that down. Becky Jamieson. J-A-M-I-E-S-O-N.

   - The agent I always deal with is called Becky Jamieson. Let me write that down - Becky ...Jamieson. J-A-M-I-E-S-O-N.

5. Do you have her direct line? Yes, It's in my contacts somewhere. Right here we are. 07866510333.

   - Do you have her direct line? Yes, It's in my contacts somewhere. Right, here we are. 078 double 6 510 triple 3.

6. I wouldn't call her until the afternoon if I were you. She is really busy in the morning trying to fill last minutes vacancies.

   - I wouldn't call her until the afternoon if I were you. - She is really busy in the morning trying to fill last-minute vacancies.

7. She's really helpful and friendly. So I'm sure it will be worth getting in touch with her for informal chat.

   - She's really helpful and friendly. So I'm sure it will be worth getting in touch with her for an informal chat.

8. It's meanly clerical and admin job where they do. Isn't it?

   - It's mainly clerical and admin job they deal with, isn't it?

9. That's right. I know you're hoping to find a full-time job on media eventually. but Becky finance sector Good on your CV and generally pays better too.

   - That's right. I know you're hoping to find a full-time job in the media eventually. but Becky mostly recruits temporary staff for the finance sector - whick will look good on your CV - and generally pays better too.

10. Yeah, I'm just a bit worried. Because I don't have much office experiences. That wouldn't worry.

    - Yeah, I'm just a bit worried. Because I don't have much office experiences. I wouldn't worry.

11. They're probably start to you receptionist store something like that.

    - They'll probably start you as a receptionist, or something like that.

12. So what is important for that kind of job isn't so much having business or computer systems.It's communication really matters. So you'll be found there.

    - So what is important for that kind of job isn't so much having business skills or knowing lots of different computer systems. It's communication really matters. So you'll be found there.

13. And you'll pick up offices skills really quickly on the job. It's not that complicated.

    - And you'll pick up office skills really quickly on the job. It's not that complicated.

14. Ok good. So how long the people generally need temporary staff full?

    - Ok good. So how long do people generally need temporary staff for?

15. It'll be great if I could get something last and least a month.

    - It would be great if I could get something lasting at least a month.

16. That's shouldn't be too difficult. But You're more likely to be offered something through weeks Which get standard.

    - That's shouldn't be too difficult. But You're more likely to be offered something for a week at first, which might get extended.

17. It's unusual to be sent somewhere for just day or two.

    - It's unusual to be sent somewhere for just day or two.

18. Right. I've heard the pay is not too bad. Better than working in a shop or a restuarant.

    - Right. I've heard the pay is not too bad. Better than work in a shop or a restuarant.

19. Oh yes, definitely. The hourly rate about 10 pounds, 11 if you're lucky.

    - Oh yes, definitely. The hourly rate is about 10 pounds, 11 if you're lucky.

20. That's pretty good. I was only expecting to get eight or nine pounds an hour.
