# 2024-02-15 Eli_IELTS15_Test3_Part2-2

## 答题

1. BE (BD)

2. CE (AE)

## 知识点

1. supervise v. 监督;监管
   supervisor n. 上级

2. get to 在口语中可以看成是 get a chance to 的缩写

3. stop sb from doing sth. 阻止（不仅是 stop）某人做某事的介词都是 from

4. 常见搭配 how much of a difference

5. amaze vt. 惊艳别人（及物）

   sb. is amazed that

6. sales n. 销售额

7. object n. 物体

   subject n. 主体 实验对象

8. correlation n. 关联、相关（比较正式，数学、统计学中使用，如正、负相关）

9. plea n. 请求；恳求

10. archive n. 档案；档案馆

## 听写与原文

1. There's been so many benefits of Street Play for the kids.

   - There have been so many benefits of Street Play for the kids.

2. Parents really like the fact that kids are getting fresh air instead of sitting staring computer screen even if they're not doing anything particular energetic.

   - Parents really like the fact that the kids are getting fresh air instead of sitting staring at a computer screen, even if they're not doing anything particularly energetic.

3. And of course, It's great that the kids can play with their friends without supervise by their parent.

   - And of course it's great that the kids can play with their friends outside without being supervised by their parent.

4. But for me, the biggest advantage is that the kids develop confidence in themselves to be outside without their parents.

   - But for me, the biggest advantage is that kids develop confidence in themselves to be outside without their parents.

5. The other really fantastic thing is that the children get to know adults in the street. It's like having a big extended family.

   - The other really fantastic thing is that children get to know the adults in the street. It's like having a big extended family.

6. It's certainly does have a lot of benefits. I want to move on now and ask you about a related project in King Street.

   - It certainly does have a lot of benefits. I want to move on now and ask you about a related project in King Street.

7. Right. Well, this was a experiment was involved in. local residents try to reducing the traffic along Kind Street which is the busiest main in this area by persuading people to not use their cars for one day.

   - Right. Well, this was an experiment I was involved in where local residents decided to try and reduce the traffic along Kind Street, which is the busiest main road in our area, by persuading people not to use their cars for one day.

8. We thought about making people pay more for parking. But we decided that would be really unpopular.

   - We thought about making people pay more for parking - but we decided that would be really unpopular.

9. So instead we just stopped people from parking on King Street, but left car park are open.

   - So instead we just stopped people from parking on King Street, but left the other car parks open.

10. He was surprising how much the difference he was made.

    - He was surprising how much of a difference all this made.

11. As we predicted, air quality was significantly better. What I hadn't expected was that how much quiet it was been, even with buses still running.

    - As we'd predicted, air quality was significantly better, but what I hadn't expected was how much quieter it would be, even with buses still running.

12. Of course. Everyone said that they felt safer. But we were actually amazed that sales and shops considerablely that day.

    - Of course. Everyone said that they felt safer. But we were actually amazed that sales in the shops went up considerably that day.

13. We thought there would be fewer people at shopping not more.

    - We thought there would be fewer people out shopping - not more.

### 科学美国人_1

1. Researches tested eye movement and honesty in multiple ways.

   - Researchers tested eye movement and honesty in multiple ways.

2. For example, they track the eye movements of the subject telling the truth and lie recently done.

   - For example, they track the eye movements of subjects who were lying or telling the truth about things they had recently done.

3. There was no correlation between lying and eye direction.

   - There was no correlation between lying and eye direction.

4. The reseachers also closely analyse 52 archived news videos of people available missing relative.

   - The reseachers also closely analysed 52 archived news videos of real people making a public plea for the safe return of a missing relative.
