# 2024-07-29/30 Eli_IELTS11_Test2_Section4

## 答题

1. social

2. factory

3. road（canal）

4. bridge

5. box

6. screen

7. robber（rubber）

8. curved

9. curtains

10. international

## 知识点

1. 现在完成进行时 翻译为 一直

2. architect n. 建筑师

3. domestic adj. 家庭的；国内的；驯养的

4. being 发音有两个音 been 发音只有一个音

5. refer to 提到、涉及

6. as with prep. 一定是正如、像（介词短语）

   as 单独不一定是正如

   as yet adv. 到目前为止

7. primary adj. 主要的

8. metaphor n. 比喻

9. run-down adj. 破败的、失修的

10. neighborhood n. 邻里街区

    block n. 街区

    district n. 地区、行政区

    borough n. 地区、行政区

11. high-rise adj. 高层的

12. ring road 环路、环线

13. border n. 边境、边界 v. 作为边界

    board n. 板子 v. 上（飞机）、住宿

14. canal n. 运河（注意发音重音在后）

15. mystery n. 迷

    mysterious adj. 神秘的

16. reflect v. 反映

17. pedestrian adj. 人行的、人行道的 n. 行人

18. make use of/take advantage of/make the most of 利用

19. on site 在场的

20. present n. 礼物 v. 展示 adj. 出现的；现在的

    presentation n. 展示

    presence n. 出现

21. approach v. 接近 n. 方法

    approach(n.) to

    access(n.) to

22. cross v.

    across prep.

23. suspense n. 悬疑；悬挂

    suspect n. 嫌疑犯

24. close adj. 接近的 v. 使接近

25. as a whole = in general

26. rupture n. 破裂

    abrupt adj. 突然的；突兀的

    bankrupt n. adj. v. 破产

    interrupt v. 打断

    erupt vi. 爆发

27. put off v. 推迟；使失去兴趣

    Your action puts me off.

    off-putting adj. 没意思的

28. intrigue v. 让人感兴趣

    intriguing adj. 有趣的（= 褒义时的 interesting）

29. project n. 项目 v. 投射；预测

30. function vi. 起作用（不及物）

31. auditorium n. 礼堂

32. seat n. 座位 v. 容纳（建筑物提供座席）

33. pad n. 护垫

34. rubber n. 橡胶；橡皮；避孕套（condom）

35. vibrate vi. 震动（不及物）

    vibrator n. 震动器

36. curve n. 曲线 v. 使弯曲

    carve v. 雕刻

37. amplify v. 扩大（声音）

    amplifier n. 功放器

    magnify v. 放大（视觉）

38. zoom in/out 放大/缩小

39. in spite of / despite prep. 尽管

## 听写

1. We've been discussing the facts that the archtect has to consider when deciding domastic buildings.

   - We've been discussing the factors the architect has to consider when designing domestic buildings.

2. I'm going to move on now to consider the design of public buildings, and I'll illustrate this by refering to the Taylor Concert Hall. That's recently been completed here in the city.

   - I'm going to move on now to consider the design of public buildings, and I'll illustrate this by refering to the new Taylor Concert Hall. That's recently been completed here in the city.

3. So, as with the domestic building, when designing a public building, an architect needs to consider the function of the building.

   - So, as with a domestic building, when designing a public building, an architect needs to consider the function of the building.

4. For example, is it to be used premarily for entertainment, or for education, or for administration?

   - For example, is it to be used primarily for entertainment, or for education, or for administration?

5. The second thing the architect needs to think about is the context of the building, this includes as a physical location obviously.

   - The second thing the architect needs to think about is the context of the building, this includes its physical location, obviously.

6. But it also includes the social meaning of the building, how it relates to the people it's built for.

7. And finally, for important public buildings, the architect may also be looking for symbolic idea on which to base on design, a social metaphor for a building and when it should be used.

   - And finally, for important public buildings, the architect may also be looking for a central symbolic idea on which to base the design, a sort of metaphor for the building and the way in which it is used.

8. The location chosen was a site in a wrong down district, but it's ignored in previous redevelopment plans.

   - The location chosen was a site in a run-down district that has been ignored in previous redevelopment plans.

9. It was occupied by a factory that has been empty for some years.

10. The whole area was some distance from the high rised office block of central business district and shopping center.

    - The whole area was some distance from the high-rise office blocks of central business district(CBD) and shopping center.

11. The site itself was board to the north which once being used material when the area was used for manufactoring.

    - The site itself was bordered to the north by a canal which had once been used by boats bringing in raw materials when the area was used for manufacturing.

12. He found the main design challenge was the location of the site in an area that had no neighboring buildings of any importance.

13. To reflect the fact that the significance of the building in quite run-down location was as yet unknown. He decided to building sent a idea of mistery something whose meaning still has to be discovered.

    - To reflect the fact that the significance of the building in this quite run-down location was as yet unknown, he decided to create a building centered around the idea of a mystery, something whose meaning still has to be discovered.

14. So how was this reflected in the design of the building?

15. Well, Harrison decided to create pedestrian access to the building, and to make use of the presents of water on the site.

    - Well, Harrison decided to create pedestrian access to the building, and to make use of the presence of water on the site.

16. As people approach the entrance, they therefore have to cross over a bridge.

17. He wanted to give people a feeling of suspense as they see the building first from the distance and then close up.

    - He wanted to give people a feeling of suspense as they see the building first from a distance and then close up.

18. And initially impression he wanted to create from the shape of the building as a whole was that of a box.

    - And the initial impression he wanted to create from the shape of the building as a whole was that(指代 the initial impression) of a box.

19. The first side that people see, the southern wall, is just a high flat wall uninterrupted by any windows.

20. This might sound of Putin, that it support Harrison's concept of building, that people approaching intrade and one was inside.

    - This might sound off-putting but it supports Harrison's concept of the building that the person approaching is intrigued and wonders what will be inside.

21. At night time, projectors are switched on, and it's the functions as huge screen onto which images are projected.

    - At night time, projectors are switched on, and it functions as a huge screen onto which images are projected.

22. The auditory serves 1500 people. The floor is supported by ten massive pads.

    - The auditorium itself seats 1500 people. The floor is supported by ten massive pads.

23. These are constructed from rubber, and so are able to absorb any vibration from outside, and prevent them from the auditorium.

    - These are constructed from rubber, and so are able to absorb any vibrations from outside, and prevent them from affecting the auditorium.

24. The walls are made of several layers of honey-colored wood, all sorts from local beach trees.

    - The walls are made of several layers of honey-colored wood, all sourced from local beech trees.

25. In order to improve the acoustic properties of the auditorium and to amplify the sound, they're not straight, they're curved.

26. The acoustic pads are adjustible, according to the sizes of ochestra and the type of music being played.

    - The acoustics are also adjustable, according to the size of orchestra and the type of music being played.

27. The reaction of the public to the new building has generally been positive. However, the evaluation of some acoustics has less been enthusiastic.

    - The reaction of the public to the new building has generally been positive. However, the evaluation of some critics has been less enthusiastic.

28. In spite of Harrison's efforts to use local material, they criticized the style of the design has been international rather than local, and say it doesn't reflect the feature of the landscape or society for which it built.

    - In spite of Harrison's efforts to use local materials, they criticize the style of the design as being international rather than local, and say it doesn't reflect features of the landscape or society for which it is built.
