# 2024-08-09 Eli_BBC-News_6

## 知识点

1. cap n. 软扁帽；顶；上限

   icecap n. 冰盖

2. say says said 三个发音不一样

3. expedition n. 远征；探险、考察

   expedite v. 加速

4. making sth.后置 大概率修饰前面一句话

5. vulnerable adj. 脆弱的

   be vulnerable to sth. 对于某事脆弱（即易受某事伤害的）

6. community n. 群体

7. beverage n. 饮料

8. record 名词重音在前，动词重音在后

9. inundate v. 淹没

   be inundated with sth. 被某事淹没

10. scores of 量词 很多

11. mop n. 拖把 v. 清理

12. underway adj. adv. 进行中

13. appeal v. 呼吁、上诉；被吸引

    sth. appeals to sb. sb. 被 sth. 吸引

    they've appealed to the government 他们向政府呼吁

14. the all-time record 有史以来

15. devastate v. 严重破坏、彻底摧毁

    sb. is devastated 某人被摧毁了（某人很难过）

## 听写

1. Researcher ice in north pole has found melted quickly Arctic Ocean in this ten years.

   - Research into the icecap of the north pole has found that it's melting so quickly that the Arctic Ocean could lose most of its ice during summer time in as little as ten years.

2. Scientists at Cambridge University have recent expedition to like Pen hadow found much thin than it expected making it vunerable to rapid melting.

   - Scientists at Cambridge University say recent expedition to the Arctic led by the explorer Pen hadow found the ice was much thinner than expected and less dense making it vulnerable to rapid melting.

3. Mr Hadow's has a founding that should have a wake up call.

   - Mr Hadow says the findings should act as a wake-up call.

4. The long-term view for the global communities this is definitely not a good news.

   - The long-term view for the global community is this is definitely not good news.

5. But if we can see this for what it is which is the biggest visual cue the way we're gonna get to beverage our planet better, then that is a good thing.

   - But if we can see this for what it is which is the biggest visual cue that we're gonna get to manage our relationship for the planet better, then that is a good thing.

6. At one point, the water in the central part of Venice is 1 meter and 56 centimeters at sea level.

   - At one point, the water in the central part of Venice was 1 meter and 56 centimeters above sea level.

7. It hasn't bet heights since 1986.

   - It hasn't been that high since 1986.

8. Then this gets regular flooding on this time of a year, but this was the forth deeper on record.

   - Venice gets regular flooding at this time of the year, but this was the forth deepest on record.

9. Dozens of homes and businesses were inunbate, scores of people have to move out, there's no report of serious injuries.

   - Dozens of homes and businesses were inundated. Scores of people had to move out, though there're no reports of serious injuries.

10. With malping up still on the way, the authority say they don't yet know the final cost of repairs.

    - With mopping-up still underway, the authorities say they don't yet know the final cost of repairs.

11. They'll built to the government for the money from special fund help in the clear-up.

    - They've appealed to the government for money from a special fund to help in the clear-up.

12. The all-time record for high water was in 1966, when it reached nearly 2 meters.
