# 2024-08-10 Eli_Scientific-America_4

## 知识点

1. a pile of 一堆

2. desert n. 沙漠

   dessert n. 甜点

3. doughnut/dounut n. 甜甜圈

4. seem 系动词 + adj./to (do/be)

5. easy adj. 简单的

   ease vt. 缓解（变容易）

   alleviate v. 缓解

   relieve v. 缓解

6. up 表示动作做完了（除了固定搭配外，如固定搭配 make up，give up 不适用此规则）

   eat up 吃掉、吃完

   drink up 喝掉、喝完

   mop up 拖净、打扫完

7. burst v. 爆炸；弄破、冲破

   burst the bubble 冲破泡泡（打破舒适区）

8. shake n. 摇出来的饮料

   milkshake n. 奶昔

   milktea n. 奶茶

   smoothie n. 思慕西

9. package n. 行李

   pack v. 打包

10. sausage n. 香肠

    biscuit n. 饼干

    gravy n. 肉汤

11. cholesterol n. 胆固醇

    insulin n. 胰岛素

    metabolism n. 新陈代谢

    hormone n. 荷尔蒙、激素

    diabetes n. 糖尿病（天生有 s）

12. Turns out that 结果是

13. accumulate vt. vi. 积累

    accumulate sth. vt.

    sth. accumulate vi.

14. mellow adj. 愉悦、柔软（味道、听感、颜色）；（性格）成熟、柔软；（土地）肥沃 v. 使成熟

15. psychiatry n. 精神病学

    psychology n. 心理学

16. habitual adj. 习惯性的（发音重音在 bi）

## 听写

1. Sometimes, after a long, hard day, all you want is a big cheese burger, a pale of fries, and maybe a dessert donut.

   - Sometimes, after a long, hard day, all you want is a bacon cheeseburger, a pile of fries, and maybe a dessert dounut(doughnut).

2. After all, the stress that seems be eating you up can be ease by what you eating up, right?

   - After all, the stress that seems to be eating you up can be eased by what you eat up, right?

3. Sadly, it's time to burst bubble in your confort food milk shake.

   - Sadly, it's time to burst the bubble in your comfort food milkshake.

4. Researchers asked women about things that has recently stressed them out.

   - Researchers asked women about things that had recently stressed them out.

5. The women will then given a fat in calory pat meal of eggs, turkey saucege, and biscuts gribby.

   - The women were then given a fat and calorie packed meal of eggs, turkey saucege, and biscuts in gravy.

6. The researchers then measured the women's metablism, blood sugar, calastero, incilents, and stress hormines.

   - The researchers then measured the women's metabolism, blood sugar, cholesterol, insulin, and stress hormones.

7. Turns out that the most stressed women had higher levels of insulin, which slows down metabolism and causes the body to store fat.

8. And that fat, if not burned off, accumulates in the body.

9. The women who had reported feeling stressed or depressed in the day before eating the meal burned a hundred and four fewer calories than women who follow more

   - The women who had reported feeling stressed or depressed in the day before eating the meal burned a hundred and four fewer calories during the seven hours following the meal than women who felt more mellow.

10. If eating high calorie confort food to eliviate stress become habitual, the result could be average we gain 11 pounds per year.

    - If eating high-calorie comfort food to alleviate stress becomes habitual, the result could be an average weight gain of 11 pounds per year, which brings its own stress, like spending money on new clothes.
