# 2024-02-28 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. mud

2. clay

3. oil(metal)

4. hair

5. bove(baths)

## 知识点

1. cleanliness n. 卫生；清洁度

   hygiene n. 卫生

2. cleanse v. 彻底清洁（皮肤）；使净化、排毒

3. wash off v. 洗掉

4. rinse v. 冲洗，洗涮

5. laundry n. 要被洗的衣服

6. this/that (都是单数)大概率代指上一句话

7. origin n. 起源

   original adj. 原始的

8. date back to 追溯回

9. property n. 财产；特质

10. excavate v. 挖掘（古物）

11. archaeology n. 考古学

12. archaeologist n. 考古学家

13. anthropology n. 人类学（人的社会、文化行为）

14. as early as 早在

15. cylinder n. 圆柱体；汽缸

16. made of 由什么制作，本质

    made from 由什么制作，不是本质

    soap-like materials made of clay.

    wine is made from grape.

17. inscribe v. 在...上写（词语、名字）等；题；镌刻

18. bath(bathe) v. 在浴缸里泡澡（两个发音）

    shower n. 阵雨；淋浴

19. base vt. 及物动词

    I based my project on sth.

20. aesthetic adj. 美学的

21. anoint v. 傅、涂（圣油、圣水）

22. scraped v. 刮掉；削去（过去式与单词一样）

    scrap v. 废弃；取消；抛弃；报废

23. stream n. 小溪 n. v. 直播；在线播放

    streamer n. 直播的人

24. clothes n. 衣服（只有复数）

    cloth n. 布（发音与 clothes 不同）

    close v. adj.

25. Gauls 高卢人

26. credit n. 信用；学分；赞扬；功劳

    credit v. 归功于

    我把 B 的功劳给了 A = 我把 A 归功于 B

    I credit A with B = I credit B to A = A is credited with B

27. tint v. 为...轻微染色；给...略微着色

    dye vt. 染色

28. deposit n. 存款、储蓄；沉淀物

29. leave + 地名 v. 离开

    leave v. 留下

    leave v. 使 = make

    make A B

    this book leave me happy.

30. supply vt. 及物

    I supply you with water.

    I supply water to you.

    Baths are supplied with water

31. baths n. 澡堂、浴场（发音和 bath 有一些区别）

## 听写与原文

1. Nowadays, we use different products for personal cleaness, laundry, dish washing and household cleaning, but this is a very much 20th century development.

   - Nowadays, we use different products for personal cleanliness, laundry, dish-washing and household cleaning, but this is very much a 20th-century development.

2. The origins of cleanliness date back to prehistoric times.

3. Since water is essential for life, the earliest people lived near water and knew something about the property of water at least it rins muds off their hands.

   - Since water is essential for life, the earliest people lived near water and knew something about its cleansing properties - at least that it rinsed muds off their hands.

4. During the escavation of ancient Babylon evidence was found simple earliest 2800 B.C..

   - During the excavation of ancient Babylon, evidence was found that soapmaking was known as early as 2800 B.C..

5. Archologists discovered cylinders made of clay with in scriptions on them seeing fats with boiled ashes.

   - Archaeologists discovered cylinders made of clay, with inscriptions on them saying that fats were boiled with ashes.

6. This is method of making soap, though there is no reference to the purpose of material.

   - This is a method of making soap, though there is no reference(提及) to the purpose of this material.

7. The early Greeks ba for reasons that apparently didn't use soap.

   - The early Greeks bathed for aesthetic reasons and apparently didn't use soap.

8. Instead they clean their bodies with block of sand, a pomise and ashes. then they ano them with oil and scrape off oil with dirt with the metal instrument as strigil.

   - Instead they clean their bodies with blocks of sand, pumice and ashes. then anointed themselves with oil, and scraped off the oil and dirt with a metal instrument known as a strigil.

9. They also used oil mixed with ashes clothes were washed without soap in stream.

   - They also used oil mixed with ashes. Clothes were washed without soap in streams.

10. The ancient Germans and Gauls are also incredited with discovering how to make substance called soap made of multi-animal fat and ashes.

    - The ancient Germans and Gauls are also credited with discovering how to make a substance called 'soap', made of melted animal fat and ashes.

11. They used this mixture to turn to their hair red.

    - They used this mixture to tint their hair red.

12. Soap got its name according to an ancient Rome legend from Mount Sapo where animals were sacrificed leaving deposits animal fat.

    - Soap got its name, according to an ancient Roman legend, from Mount Sapo, where animals were sacrificed, leaving deposits of animal fat.

13. Rain washed the deposits along with wood ashes, down into the clay soil along the River Tiber.

    - Rain washed these deposits, along with wood ashes, down into the clay soil along the River Tiber.

14. Women found that this mixture greatly reduce the effort required to wash their clothes.

    - Women found that this mixture greatly reduce the effort required to wash their clothes.

15. The first of the famous Roman bath supplied with water and aqueduccts was built around from 312 B.C..

    - The first of the famous Roman baths, supplied with water from their aqueducts, was built around 312 B.C..
