# 2024-07-24/25 Eli_IELTS12_Test6_Section4

## 答题

1. bullying

2. superiority

3. personality

4. structural

5. absence

6. confidence

7. visions

8. democratic

9. respect

10. mediator

## 知识点

1. towards/toward/to 当介词时三个词一样的

   常见 attitudes towards sth. 对于...的态度

   动词不定式只能用 to

2. appalling adj. = very bad 耸人听闻的

3. vary vi. 变化

   various adj. 不同的；多种多样的

   variable n. 变量 adj. 多变的

4. refer to 指得是

5. minor n. 未成年人 adj. 少数的

   major n. 成年人（很少用，常用 adult） adj. 主要的

6. abuse v. 滥用；虐待 n. 骂人

   abusive adj. 滥用的；虐待的

   aggressive adj. 攻击性强的

7. as with 像...一样

8. superiority n. 优越性

   superior adj. 更好的

   inferior adj. 不如的

   A is superior to B: A 比 B 好

   A is inferior to B: A 不如 B

9. hierarchy n. 等级（制度）

   pecking order n. （鸟）啄食顺序（等级制度）

10. compatible adj. 兼容的（介词加 with）

11. tolerant adj. 忍受

    tolerant of sth. 忍受某事

    intolerant adj. 无法忍受

12. pessimism n. 悲观主义

    pessimistic adj. 悲观的

    optimism n. 乐观主义

    optimistic adj. 乐观的

13. not that 当成固定搭配，整体当作“不是说”

    not that that 不是说那件事

14. arise vi. 出现、产生、发生

    rise vi. 上升（不及物）

    raise vt. 养；募集；提高

15. come about/arise/happen/occur/take place 发生（不及物）

16. look down on 看不起

    look up to 仰慕

17. behind-the-scene 幕后的

18. team 是一个复合名词，当作复数

19. concerned adj. 相关的、涉及的（这种用法常后置）

20. result in = lead to 导致

21. spiral v. 螺旋地

    spiral out of control 失控（直升机一样的螺旋形失控）

    sth. spiral out of control

22. breakdown vi. 坏了（不及物）

    sth. breakdown

23. uncover v. 揭示

24. oppose v. 反对

    opposing adj. 相反的

25. be capable of 能够

26. combine A with B 结合 A 和 B

27. set a target 设定一个目标

28. make effort to do 努力做某事

29. problematic adj. 有问题的

30. vision n. 愿景

    visionary adj. 很有远见的

31. strategy n. 战略

    strategic adj. 战略性的

32. 形式主语

    it might seem that

    it seems that

33. autocratic adj. 独裁的

    democratic adj. 民主的

34. boss 说了算的人，不是非要是老板

35. 动名词可以和名词并列（听写第 24 句 politeness 和 treating）

36. happen to 碰巧

37. treat A as B 把 A 当成 B 对待

38. see A as B 把 A 看做 B

39. mouthpiece n. 喉舌

40. mediate v. 调解

    mediator v. 调停者

## 听写

1. Over the years, attitudes towards workers have changed considerably.

2. After all, there was a time when workers have no rights at all, and laboured in appauling conditions.

   - After all, there was a time when workers had no rights at all, and laboured in appalling conditions.

3. Conditions have improved a lot, but conflict in the workplace is still common.

4. And human resources managers nowadays need to be able to deal with it when (it is) necessary (to deal with it).

5. Definitions vary. but I am taking it to refer to a whole range of behaviors that the victims finds unacceptable, from manner, harmless arguments, to at the opposite extreme physical violence.

   - Definitions vary. but I am taking it to refer to a whole range of behaviors that the victims finds unacceptable, from minor, harmless arguments, to at the opposite extreme, physical violence.

6. Much of this is covered by the term bullying, by which I mean one or more people (is) behaving abusively or aggressively against another who is in a weaker position.

7. Although all behavior(s) like this is a form of conflict, not all conflict can be described in these terms.

8. But often it's caused by someone who feels the need to show their superiority over someone else, in order to feel that they aren't at the lowest level in a hierarchy or a group of people.

9. In some cases, one person simply dislikes the other on the basis that the personality of one is in some way incompatible with that of the other person.

10. A general habit of optimism in one person, could make them intolerant of a collegue who is constantly persimistic, not at that treating them badly, of course.

    - A general habit of optimism in one person, could make them intolerant of a colleague who is constantly pessimistic, not that that justifies treating them badly, of course. （当然，不是说上面那个例子就能为恶劣地对待他们正名）

11. Some conflicts arise when people are more interested in promoting themselves and their team than in a company as a whole.

    - Some conflicts arise when people are more interested in promoting themselves and their team than in the company as a whole.

12. These conflicts are called 'structural', and could come about, for example, when a sales team believe they are the only people in the business who do any useful work, and look down on behind-the-scene’s administrators.

13. Conflict obviously affects individuals concerned. The situation is likely to be very stressful for victims, resulting in their absence from work, possibly for a month.

    - Conflict obviously affects the individuals concerned. The situation is likely to be very stressful for victims, resulting in their absence from work, possibly for months.

14. For the company, if no effort is made to deal with conflict, it can spiral out of control, and even lead to the breakdown of the buisness.

15. Some interesting work with chief executives, CEOs, has uncovered some of reasons why they may treat colleagues badly.

    - Some interesting work with chief executives, CEOs, has uncovered some of the reasons why they may treat colleagues badly.

16. Many CEOs combine two opposing characteristics, confidence that is the belief that they are capable of great achievements, with a high level of anxiety, a fear of missing targets whether set by themselves or by the directors of the company.

17. This combination can make them respond badly to anyone who questions their decisions.

18. And it's particularly difficult to tackle the situation where colleagues, managers, and board members are all trying to achieve their own visions.

19. When they come to agree on strategic issues and on where they see the business are going, they are real problems.

    - When they can't agree on strategic issues and on where they see the business are going, there are real problems.

20. For managers at lower levels within an organization, it might seem autocratic form management where chief executives give a order and others have to obey, would see more conflict than others.

    - For managers at lower levels within the organization, it might seem that an autocratic form of management where the chief executive gives orders and everyone else has to obey, would see more conflict than others.

21. Interestingly, though, a company with a more democratic business model can suffer more when uncertainty about who to report to, leads to conflicting demands.

22. Now I'll say a little about dealing with a type of conflict that has harmful effects.

    - Now I'll say a little about dealing with the type of conflict that has harmful effects.

23. A good manager at any level will make efforts to earn the respect of the people they work with, particularly those who report to them.

24. That will involve politeness in all communications, and treating them as equals, who happen to have a different role within the organization.

25. However, if one of the parties in the conflict sees human resource as simply a mousepiece for chief executive and an external mediator might be able to help.

    - However, if one of the parties in the conflict sees human resource as simply a mouthpiece for the chief executive, then an external mediator might be able to help.
