# 2024-02-27 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. B(A)

2. C

3. B(C)

4. A(B)

## 知识点

1. matter vi. 重要

   It matters that

2. as long as 只要

3. fun 常用作 n. 也偶有 adj. 的情况

4. keen adj. 渴望；热切；热衷于

5. worth adj.

   sth. be worth doing

6. base n. 基地 v. 基础

   basis n. 基础

7. explicit adj. 清楚明白的；易于理解的

   implicit adj. 含蓄的；不直接言明的

8. editorial n. 评论文章（报纸上）

9. bother v. 费时间、精力做；使烦恼、担忧、不安

   I don't even bother to do sth. 我甚至不想费劲去做某事。

   It bothers me that you don't do this. 这使我烦恼，你不做这些。

10. human interest 人情味

11. raise v. 提高；聚集、筹集

12. broad/big picture 大局观/格局

13. find A B

14. a lot adv.

    a lot of + n.

## 听写与原文

1. Does it matter what type of story I write about? No.

2. National or international politics, the arts, anything, as long as two or three newspapers.

   - National or international politics, the arts, anything, as long as it's covered in two or three newspapers.

3. Though, of course, it'll be easier and more fun if you're interested in know something about.

   - Though, of course, it'll be easier and more fun if it's something you're interested in and know something about.

4. And on analysis an national news items will be worth analysing crack in politics So I'll try to find useful topic.

   - And on that basis a national news item would be worth analysing - I'm quite keen politics, so I'll try and find useful topic.

5. What did you choose for your analysis, Tom? I was interested in how newspapers express their opinions explicitly.

6. So I wanted to compare editorials in different newspapers but when I started looking I could't find two analysing.

   - So I wanted to compare editorials in different papers, but when I started looking, I could't find two on the same topic that I felt like analysing.

7. In that case, I won't even bother to look.

8. So, in the end, I chose a human interest story a terribly emotional story about a young girl who's very ill mostly strangers raised money so she could go abroad for treatment.

   - So, in the end, I chose a human interest story - a terribly emotional story about a young girl who was very ill and lots of other people, mostly strangers, raised money so she could go abroad for treatment.

9. Actually, I was surprise some papers just wrote about how wonderful everyone was, but other considered the abroad paper that why treatment was available here.

   - Actually, I was surprised some papers just wrote about how wonderful everyone was, but others considered the broader picture, that why treatment wasn't available here.

10. Em. I usually find stories like that raise quite strong feelings in me.

11. I'll avoid that. chosen arts topic like different reviews of film the arts something like founding I'll think about that.

    - I'll avoid that. Perhaps I'll choose an arts topic, like different reviews of a film, or something about funding for the arts - I'll think about that.

12. Yes, that might be interesting. OK, well, thanks a lot for your help Tom. It has been really useful. You're welcome.
