# 2024-03-14 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. variable(control)

2. ducks

3. language

4. food

5. supply(costs)

## 知识点

1. worth adj. 值得的

   sth. is worth doing

   worthy adj. 值了

2. a mixture of ...混合

3. carry out 实施、进行、举行

   carry out experiment/study/project/research

   implement v. 实施

   implement policy/regulations

4. variable n. 变量

   constant n. 常量

   vary vi. 变化

5. setting n. 设置

6. experimenter 实验者（做实验的人）

   participant 实验对象（被做实验的人）

7. implication 潜在的影响

   effect/impact 影响

8. migrate v. 迁徙

   migratory adj. 迁徙的

9. presumable adv. = probably

10. warrant n. 通缉令 v. 使...显得必要；使...显得适当（即发通缉令以使逮捕显得合法）

11. affective adj. 多愁善感的（感情方面）

12. developmental adj. 发育的

13. acquire v. 获得 语言习得

    acquisition n. 习得

14. substantial adj. 大量的、很大程度的、重大的、价值很大的

15. come down to 归结于

    it comes down to 最终取决于...

16. well-being n. 幸福

17. emit v. 排放（气、水、油）

    emission n. 排放

## 听写与原文

1. Now the way she is carrying out this research is worth thinking about.

2. She is using a mixture of studies, using birds captain laboratories, and studies carried out outdoors in the wild.

   - She is using a mixture of studies using birds kept in laboratories, and studies carried out outdoors in the wild.

3. The lab-based studies have the advantage that you don't get all the variables that you would in the natural setting.

   - The lab-based studies have the advantage that you don't get all the variables you would (get) in a natural setting.

4. So the experimenter has a much higher level of control, and that means they could be more confident about their result in some ways.

   - So the experimenter has a much higher level of control, and that means they can be more confident about their results in some ways.

5. And of course, they don't have to worry about going out and finding the birds in order to observe them.

6. So what are the implications here for humans？ Well, because many birds are migratry they maybe transport mercury far from contaminated sides.

   - So what are the implications here for humans？ Well, because many birds are migratory, they may be transporting mercury far from contaminated sites.

7. For example, it's been found that ducks who've been feeding on contaminated site will later be shot by hunters thousands kilometers away by presumebly eaten.

   - For example, it's been found that ducks who've been feeding at a contaminated site were later shot by hunters over a thousand kilometers away and presumably eaten.

8. But these birds likely had mercury levels higher enough to warren concern for human consumption.

   - But these birds likely had mercury levels high enough to warrant concern for human consumption.

9. In addition, going back to song learning by birds, we saw that this may be affected by contamination.

   - In addition, going back to song learning by birds, we saw that this may be affected by mercury contamination.

10. Well, we also know that in humans, mercury causes developmental delays in the acquisition of language.

11. And in fact, this process is very similar in the brain region it involves and even regimes it involves.

    - And in fact, this process is very similar in the brain regions it involves and even the genes that are involved.

12. It's now known that an unborn child can be affected if the food eaten by its mother contains high levels of mercury, and these effects can be quite substantial.

13. In the end, it comes down to whether more value is placed on economic well-being or environmental well-being.

14. It's true there're new regulations for mercury emissions from power plants, and this will leave billions of dollars to implement and increase costs for everyone.

    - It's true there're new regulations for mercury emissions from power plants, but this will need billions of dollars to implement and increase costs for everyone.

15. Some argue that's too much to pay to protect wild life, the issues go beyond that. and I think that it's a issue we need to consider very carefully.

    - Some argue that's too much to pay to protect wild life, but as we've seen, the issues go beyond that, and I think it's an issue we need to consider very carefully.
