# 2024-03-07 Eli_IELTS15_Test2_Part4-2

## 答题

1. transport

2. preservation

3. fishes (fish)

4. bees

5. developing (design)

## 知识点

1. set up 建立

2. monitor v. 监测；监视 n. 显示器

   wire up 给...装窃听器

3. produce n. 农产品 v. 生产

   如果一个单词既有动词又有名词，不同词性意思完全不同，不能混为一谈

   production n. 生产

4. access n. 渠道；获取

   access to sth.

5. transport n. v. 运输；交通工具

   transportation n. 交通

6. result in 导致

7. amount of + 不可数名词

   number of + 可数名词

8. especially 尤其 = particularly

   specially 特别地

9. spoil v. 破坏；腐坏；宠坏（这个单词本质把一个东西由好变坏）

10. preserve v. 维持、保持

    conserve v. 节约；保护（保护的意思比较少见）

11. initiate v. 开始、启动

    initiative n. 倡议；法案（法律环境下）

12. origin n. 起源

    original adj. 最初的

    注意两个单词发音不同

13. tank n. 坦克；水箱（坦克本质是像水箱的）

14. adopt v. 领养；使用；采用（领养本质是采用了别人的孩子）

15. colony n. 殖民地；聚居地；栖息地（殖民地本质是一群人被控制的地方）

16. consume v. 消耗

    consumption n. 消耗 消费

17. arid adj. 干旱的

18. marked adj. 显著的 = obvious/notable (褒义)

19. phase n. 阶段；月相（月亮的阶段）

## 听写与原文

1. Once the program had been set up, its development was monitered carefully.

   - Once the program had been set up, its development was monitored carefully.

2. The farmers were able to grow enough produce not just for their own needs but also to sell.

3. However, getting the produce to places where it could be marketed was sometimes a problem, as the farmers did not have access to transport.

4. And this resulted in large amounts of produce, especially vegetables, being spoiled.

5. This problem was discussed with the farmer's associations, and it was decided that in order to prevant food from being spoiled, the farmers needed to learn techniques for the preservation.

   - This problem was discussed with the farmer's associations, and it was decided that in order to prevant food from being spoiled, the farmers needed to learn techniques for its preservation.

6. There was also an additional initiative that have not been originally planned, but which became a central feature of the program.

   - There was also an additional initiative that had not been originally planned, but which became a central feature of the program.（定语从句 that 和 which 通过 but 并列）

7. This was when farmers started dig holes for tanks in the fenced off area and to filled with water and use them for breeding fish, an important source for protein.

   - This was when farmers started to dig holes for tanks in the fenced-off areas and to fill these with water and use them for breeding fish, an important source of protein.

8. After a time, another suggestion was made by local people which hadn't been part of the program's original proposal, but which was also adopted later on.

9. They decided to try setting up colonies of bees, which would provide honey both for their own consumption and to sell.

10. First of all, it tells us that in dry arid regions if there is access to a reliable source of water, there is great potential for a great development of agriculture.

    - First of all, it tells us that in dry, arid regions if there is access to a reliable source of water, there is great potential for the development of agriculture.

11. In Chicualacuala, there was a marked improvement in agriculture production, which improved foods security and benifitted local people by providing them with both food and income.

    - In Chicualacuala, there was a marked improvement in agricultural production, which improved foods security and benifited local people by providing them with both food and income.

12. However, it's important to set realistic timelines for each phase of the program especially the design as mistakes made the stage may be hard to later on.

    - However, it's important to set realistic timelines for each phase of the program especially for its design, as mistakes made at the stage may be hard to correct later on.
