# 2024-02-26 Eli_IELTS15_Test3_Part3-1

## 答题

1. page

2. size

3. graphics

4. version(structure)

5. assumptions(purpose)

6. difference(assumptions)

## 知识点

1. go about/work on 处理

2. compare v. 比较

3. coverage n. 覆盖（抽象意义上也可以）

   cover v. 覆盖

4. sort of = kind of

5. item n. 一则，一条（新闻）

6. how adj. + (插入语) + 主语 + 谓语

7. column n. 圆柱体；栏、专栏（纵列）

8. graphic adj. 绘画的、书画的、图样的、图案的

   graphic card 显卡

   graphics n. 图样、图案

9. affect v. 影响

   effect n. 影响（几乎不用作动词了）

10. bear v. 忍受；带着 = take/bring；

    bear sth. in mind = bear in mind sth. 记住

11. controversy n. 争议

12. ridiculous adj. 离谱的

13. patronize v. 居高临下地对待

## 听写与原文

1. It's my first media studies assignment, and I'm not sure how to go about it. You must have done it last year.

2. You start the one comparing the coverage particular story arrange of newspapers? That's right.

   - Is that the one comparing the coverage of a particular story in a range of newspapers? That's right.

3. So what sort of things do I need to compare?

4. Well, there're several things, for example, there's a question which page of newspapers appear soon.

   - Well, there're several things, for example, there's the question of which page of the newspaper the item appears on.

5. You mean, because there's a big difference between having it on the front of page and bottom of page attend for instance. Exactly.

   - You mean, because there's a big difference between having it on the front page and bottom of page ten, for instance. Exactly.

6. And that shows how important the editor thinks the story is. (the editor thinks 当插入语，how important 的主语是 the story)

7. Then there's the size - how many column inches the story is given? how many columns it spreads over?

8. And I suppose that includes the headline. It certainly does. It's all part of attracting the readers' attention.

9. What about graphics? Whether they're anything visual and in addition attach to the text.

   - What about graphics? Whether there's anything visual in addition to the text. Yes, you need to consider those, too.

10. Because they can have a big effect on the readers' understanding of the story. Sometimes the bigger effect on text itself.

    - Because they can have a big effect on the readers' understanding of the story. Sometimes a bigger effect than the text itself.

11. Then you'll need to look at how the items put together, and what structure is it given?

    - Then you'll need to look at how the item is put together: what structure is it given?

12. Barely mind that not many people read beyond the first paragraph, so what has the journalist put the beginning.

    - Bear in mind that not many people read beyond the first paragraph, so what has the journalist put at the beginning.

13. And if say there're conflict opinions about something, does one appear in the end where people probably will read it.

    - And if, say, there're conflicting opinions about something, does one appear near the end where people probably won't read it?

14. And newspapers sometimes give wrong or misleading information, don't they? Either deliberately or by accidently.

    - And newspapers sometimes give wrong or misleading information, don't they? Either deliberately or by accident.

15. Compare what's in different versions, and as far as possible try and work out what's true and what isn't.

16. And that relates to a very important point: what is the writer's purpose or at least the most important one, if they have several.

17. It may seem to be to inform the public, but often it's that they want to create fear, controversy, or to make somebody rediculars.

    - It may seem to be to inform the public, but often it's that they want to create fear, or controversy, or to make somebody look ridiculous.

18. That's right. About their knowledge of the subject. There're attitudes which means writting so that the readers understand without feeling punchunized.

    - That's right. About their knowledge of the subject, their attitudes, and their level of education, which means writting so that the readers understand without feeling patronized.
