# 2024-03-08 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. shelter

2. oil

3. root(roads)

4. insects

## 知识点

1. gum n. 口香糖；树胶、树脂

   chew gum 吃口香糖

   chewing gum 口香糖

   gang n. 帮派

2. at present adv. = now

   present v. 展示（发音和另外两个词性不同） adj. 现在的 n. 礼物

3. be going to = gonna (仅美国用)

4. shelter n. 栖息地；避难所

5. nectar n. 花蜜

6. germ n. 病菌；胚芽；胚原基；芽孢；胚胎

7. disinfectant n. 消毒剂；杀菌剂

   infect v. 感染；传染

8. extract v. 提取 n. 精华；提取物

9. alarm v. n. 警报

   alarming adj. 令人警醒的

10. prematurely adv. 提前地

11. all across the world

    all over the world

    两个经典连读

12. die off 逐渐消失

13. It wasn't until xxx that 句子 = In xxx, 句子

14. lime 石灰 = calcium hydroxide 氢氧化钙

15. root n. 根部；根本原因

16. road

    root

    route

    后两个发音相同

17. iron n. 铁；铁器；熨斗 v. 熨平

    ion n. 离子

18. suck v. 吸

    suck up 拍马屁

    suck up to sb.

19. abject adj. 悲惨绝望的、凄惨的；卑微的

    eject v. 向外抛出

    inject v. 注射；注入

    object n. 物体；对象；目标；宾语 v. 反对、拒绝

    project n. 项目；工程（房产） v. 预测；突出；投影；宣传

    reject v. 拒绝 n. 落选者

    subject v. 遭受；统制 n. 主题；学科；公民；主语 adj. 易受影响的；取决于的、依赖的；统制下的 adv. 取决于

20. You study your way into 清华. 你学习学（出一条路）进了清华。

21. secret n. 秘密 adj. 秘密的（重音在前）

    secrete v. 分泌；隐藏（重音在后）

22. solution n. 溶液

23. flourish vi. 繁荣、茁壮成长

24. at the expense of 牺牲了

25. eventually adv. 最终地

## 听写与原文

1. This is a very common tree here in Australia, where it's also sometimes called the gum tree.

2. First I'm going to talk about why it's important, then I'm going to describe some problems it faces at present.

3. For example, it gives shelter to creatures like birds and bets, and these other spicies also depend on it for food. particularly the nector for its flowers.

   - For example, it gives shelter to creatures like birds and bats, and these and other species also depend on it for food, particularly the nectar from its flowers.

4. So it supports bio-diversity, it's useful to us humans too because we can kill gern to makes for oil extricated from eucalyptus leaves.

   - So it supports biodiversity, it's useful to us humans too, because we can kill germs with a disinfectant made from oil extracted from eucalyptus leaves.

5. The eucalyptus grows all over Australia. And the trees can live for up to 400 years.

6. So it's alarming that all across the country, numbers of eucalyptus are falling, because the trees are dying off maturally.

   - So it's alarming that all across the country, numbers of eucalyptus are falling, because the trees are dying off prematurely.

7. As far back as 1970s, the trees started getting a disease called Mundulla Yellows.

   - As far back as the 1970s, the trees started getting a disease called Mundulla Yellows.

8. The trees leaves would gradually turn yellow, then the tree would die.

   - The trees' leaves would gradually turn yellow, then the tree would die.

9. It wasn't until 2004 that they found the cause of problem was lime or calcium hydroxide to give it a proper chemistral name, which was being used in construction of roads.

   - It wasn't until 2004 that they found the cause of the problem was lime or calcium hydroxide, to give it its proper chemiscal name, which was being used in the construction of roads.

10. The lime was being washed away into the ground and affecting the roots of eucalyptus trees nearby.

11. What was doing with prevanting the trees from sucking up the iron they needed for healthy growth.

    - What it was doing was prevanting the trees from sucking up the iron they needed for healthy growth.

12. When this was injected back into the affected tree, they immediately recovered.

13. But this problem only affected a relatively small number of trees.

14. By 2000, huge numbers of eucalyptus were dying along Australia south east coast as a disease known as Bell-miner Associated Die-back.

    - By 2000, huge numbers of eucalyptus were dying along Australia's East Coast, of(跟的 dying) a disease known as Bell-miner Associated Die-back.

15. The Bell-miner is a bird. And the disease seems to be common where there are high populations with Bell-miners.

    - The Bell-miner is a bird. And the disease seems to be common where there are high populations of Bell-miners.

16. What happens is that insects settle on the leaves, and each where around them, destroy they go, at the same time they secret solution which has sugar in it.

    - What happens is that insects settle on the leaves, and eat their way round them, destroying them as they go, at the same time they secrete a solution which has sugar in it.

17. The Bell-miner birds really like this solution, and in order to get as much as possible, they keep away other creatures that might try to get it.

18. So these birds and insects flowrish at the expense of other species, eventually so much damage done to leaves, and the tree dies.

    - So these birds and insects flourish at the expense of other species, and eventually so much damage is done to the leaves that the tree dies.
