# 2024-03-20 Eli_IELTS12_Test6_Section4

## 答题

1. bulling(bullying)

2. superiority

3. personality

4. structural

5. absence

## 知识点

1. attitude towards/toward/to(介词)

   attitude n. 态度

   altitude n. 海拔

2. considerably adv. = very much

   considerable adj. 大的、多的

   considerate adj. 体贴的

3. appalling adj. 令人震惊的、使人惊骇的、极为恶劣的

4. labor n. 劳动力 v. 劳动

5. a lot adv. 很多

6. find/leave/make A B

7. victim n. 受害者

8. physical adj. 身体上的；物理上的

9. abusive adj. 虐待的；侮辱的

   abuse v. 虐待；滥用；辱骂

   bully v. 霸凌

10. superior adj. 优越的

    superior to

    inferior adj. 低人一等的

    advantage over sb.

    hierarchy n. 等级制度

11. compatible adj. 匹配的、兼容的

12. on the basis that 基于 = because

13. optimism n. 乐观

    optimistic adj. 乐观的

    pessimism n. 悲观

    pessimistic adj. 悲观的

14. justify v. 正名

15. not that 不是说

16. arise vi. 出现、发生、产生

    rise vi. 提升

    raise vt. 养育；抬升；筹集

17. arise/come about/occur/happen/take place 都表示“发生”，都是不及物动词

18. as a whole adv. 作为一个整体 = generally

19. look down on 看不起

20. behind-the-scene(s) adj. 花絮的；幕后的

21. concerned adj. 相关的（通常都后置）

22. spiral out of control 失控

    spiral n. 螺旋形、螺旋式 v. 螺旋上升或下降（急剧）

## 听写与原文

1. Over the years, attitudes towards workers have changed considerably.

2. After all, there was a time when workers had no rights at all and labored in pooring conditions.

   - After all, there was a time when workers had no rights at all and labored in appalling conditions.

3. Conditions have improved a lot, but conflict in the workplace is still common.

4. And human resources managers nowadays need to be able to deal with it when necessary.

5. Definitions vary, but I'm taking it to refer to a whole range of behaviors that the victims find unacceptable from manner harmless opposite phisical violence.

   - Definitions vary, but I'm taking it to refer to a whole range of behaviors that the victim finds unacceptable from minor, harmless arguments to, at the opposite extreme, physical violence.

6. Much of this is covered by the term - bullying by which I mean one or more people behaving abusively or aggressively against another who is in a weak position.

   - Much of this is covered by the term - bullying by which I mean one or more people behaving abusively or aggressively against another who is in a weaker position.

7. Although all behavior like this is a form of conflict, not all conflict can be described in these terms.

8. But often it is caused by someone who needs to show their superiority over someone else in order to feel that they aren't at the lowest level of their hierachy or a group of people.

   - But often it's caused by someone who feels the need to show their superiority over someone else, in order to feel that they aren't at the lowest level in a hierarchy or a group of people.

9. In some cases, one person simply dislikes the other on the basis that the personality of one is in some way incompatible with the other person.

   - In some cases, one person simply dislikes the other on the basis that the personality of one is in some way incompatible with that of the other person.

10. A general habit of optimism in one person could make them intolerent with their collegues who is constantly pecemistic not as that justified treating them badly of course.

    - A general habit of optimism in one person could make them intolerant of a collegue who's constantly pessimistic - not that that justifies treating them badly of course.

11. Some conflicts arise when people are more interested in promoting themselves in their team than in their company as a whole.

    - Some conflicts arise when people are more interested in promoting themselves and their team than in their company as a whole.

12. These conflicts are called 'structural', and could come about, for example, when the sales team believe they are the only people in the business who do any useful work, and look down on behind the scenes of administrators.

    - These conflicts are called 'structural', and could come about, for example, when a sales team believe they are the only people in the business who do any useful work, and look down on behind-the-scenes administrators.

13. Conflict obviously affects individuals concerned the situation is likely to be very stressful for victims result in their absence from work possibly for months.

    - Conflict obviously affects individuals concerned. The situation is likely to be very stressful for victims resulting in their absence from work, possibly for months.

14. For the company, if no effort is made to deal with conflicts, it can spiral out of control, and even lead to the breakdown of the business.
