# 2024-08-02 Eli_BBC-News_4/5

## 知识点

1. in (a) large part/to (a) large extent 很大程度上

2. due to 因为

3. skim v. 快速浏览

4. trade in 置换、换钱、折价、以旧换新

5. figure n. 数字；身材；人物 v. 弄清楚

6. weather forecast 天气预报

7. volcanic adj. 火山的

   volcano n. 火山

8. cautious adj. 谨慎的

9. and beyond 和以外的

10. ground v. 使停飞，阻止起飞

11. conscious adj. 有意识的

    be conscious of 意识到

## 听写

1. Con-manufactures in the US reported there're best result so far this year in Augest in large part due to the government encourage people trading their own cars for more fuel efficient new ones.

   - Car manufacturers in the United States reported their best results so far this year in Augest, in large part due to a government scheme aimed at encouraging people to trade in their old cars for more fuel-efficient new ones.

2. The top result among American car makers were pursed by Ford, with sales rised by 17% from Augest last year.

   - The top results among American car makers were posted by Ford, which saw its sales rised by 17% from Augest of last year.

3. The result held increase the US factory out put as a whole for the first time since Janurary of last year.

   - The results held increase US manufacturing output as a whole for the first time since Janurary of last year.

4. President Obama said the latest figure indicates the American economy is on the past to recovery.

   - President Obama said the latest figures indicate that the American economy is on the path to recovery.

5. As forecast say that cloud across some shine from moving Europe officials could operate on Monday.

   - As forecasters say that a cloud of volcanic dusts spreading from Iceland across Europe show some signs of moving, officials have expressed hope that up to half of all flights across Europe could operate on Monday.

6. After adopting approaching up to now, the airline industry has increasingly pushed authority to end restriction which will cause traffic chaos in Europe and beyond.

   - After adopting a cautious approach up till now, the airline industry has increasingly pushed the European authorities to end the flight restrictions which have caused travel chaos in Europe and beyond.

7. Several airlines, including KLM and Lufthansa have expressed danger the decisions taking solely on the basis of computer simulation.

   - Several airlines, including KLM and Lufthansa have expressed anger that the decision to ground flights appears to have been taken solely on the basis of the computer simulation.

8. Basis if they carried out, none have reported no problems.

   - They say they've carried out their own test flights and reported no problems.

9. Conscious of the need to show leadship in crisis, European Union transport minister deserve to spect hold a emergency video conference on Monday.

   - Conscious of a need to show strong leadership over the air travel crisis, European Union transport ministers are expected to hold an emergency video conference on Monday.
