# 2024-02-06 Eli_IELTS15_Test1_Part2-1

## 答题

1. C A

2. C B

3. C A

4. C C

## 知识点

1. set up v. 建立

   set sb. up v. 陷害

   set-up n. 陷害

   It's a set-up, let's go. 这是个陷阱,我们走.

2. personal touch 私人化服务,个性化服务

3. isle n. 岛 (等于 island)

4. 表示国与国的方位

   in the north 在(国家内的)北部

   on the north 在北边(接壤)

   to the north 在北边(不接壤)

5. 接壤的岛是半岛 peninsula n. 半岛

   archipelago n. 群岛

6. 注意 southern 的发音

7. ferry n. 轮渡

   fairy n. 仙女

8. cafe n. 小饭店(不是咖啡厅)

9. incident n. 事件

   incidental adj. 附带的;次要的

   incidentally = by the way

10. book a room/plane 预订酒店房间、机票

    reserve 用于吃饭订桌

11. supplement n. 补剂;额外费用

## 听写与原文

1. Good morning. My name is Arica Mathews. I'm the owner of Mathew's Island holidays. A company sets up by my parents.

   - Good morning. My name is Erica Matthews. I'm the owner of Matthews Island Holidays, a company set up by my parents.

2. Thank you for coming to this presentation, in which I hope to interest you in we have to offer.

   - Thank you for coming to this presentation, in which I hope to interest you in what we have to offer.

3. We're a small family run company. we believe it's important in personal touch so we don't aim to compete with other company without numbers of customers.

   - We're a small family-run company. and we believe in the importance of the personal touch, so we don't aim to compete with other companies on the number of customers.

4. What we do is built on our many year's experience to ensure we provide perfect holidays in a small which we got to know extremely well.

   - What we do is (to) build on our many year's experience - more than almost any other rail holiday company - to ensure we provide perfect holidays in a small number of destinations, which we've got to know extremely well.

5. I'll start with that six day iron of man holiday.

   - I'll start with our six day Isle of Man holiday.

6. This is a facinating island in the ireshes sea. With Whales to the south, England to the east, Scotland to the north, and Northern Island to the west.

   - This is a facinating island in the Irish sea. With Wales to the south, England to the east, Scotland to the north, and Northern Ireland to the west.

7. Our holiday starts in E where your tour manager will meet you than you'll travel by fairy to Isle of Man.

   - Our holiday starts in Heysham, where your tour manager will meet you, then you'll travel by ferry to the Isle of Man.

8. Some people prefer to flight from Luton instead. Another popular option is to go by train Livopool and take a ferry from there.

   - Some people prefer to fly from Luton instead, and another popular option is to go by train to Liverpool and take a ferry from there.

9. You have 5 nights in the hotel and price covers 5 breakfast and dinner, lunch on 3 days when they're organize trips.

   - You have five nights in the hotel, and price covers five breakfasts and dinners, and lunch on the three days when there're organized trips.

10. Day four is free. and most people have lunch and coffee on the restaurant in Douglase.

    - Day four is free. and most people have lunch in a cafe or restaurant in Douglase.

11. The price of a holiday includes the ferry to the Isle of Man, all travel on the island, and the hotel and the meals that mentioned.

    - The price of the holiday includes the ferry to the Isle of Man, all travel on the island, the hotel and the meals I've mentioned.

12. ly, we try to make booking our holiday as simple and fair as possible. Unlike with the price is same weather you book six month advanced or last minute. And there's no supplements in single rooms in hotels.

    - Incidentally, we try to make booking our holidays as simple and fair as possible. So unlike with many companies, the price is the same whether you book six months in advance or at the last minute. And there's no supplement for single rooms in hotels.

13. If you make a booking need to change start date. For example, illness. you're welcome to change to an alternative day different tour. for a small administrative fee.

    - If you make a booking then need to change the start date, for example, because of illness, you're welcome to change to an alternative date or a different tour, for a small administrative fee.
