# 2024-08-15 Eli_IELTS11_Test1_Section2-2

## 答题

1. F

2. G

3. B (D)

4. H

5. C

6. A

## 知识点

1. layout n. 布局、平面图、户型图

   lay out v. 摆放、平铺开；展示、说明

2. barn n. 谷仓；牲口房

3. scarecrow n. 稻草人

4. keep sth. away from 让某事远离

5. sculpture n. 雕塑

6. maze n. 迷宫（与 maize 发音相同）

   maize n. 玉米

   corn n. 玉米

7. opposite 介词 对面

8. out of = from

9. hedge n. 树篱、篱笆 v. 包围、限制

10. café n. 小餐馆

11. craft n. 手工技艺

12. workshop n. 训练营、培训班（比较短）

13. picnic n. 野餐

    picnicking n. 去野餐（注意 ing 前加 k）

14. in the field 露天的

    covered 有顶的

15. footpath n. 乡村小径

16. worth adj. 值得的

    be worth sth.

    worth of sth.

17. set off 出发

    set out 开始

## 听写

1. The building where you bought your tickets is the New Barn immediately to your right, and we're now at the beginning of the main path to the farmland, and of course, the car park is on your left.

2. The scarecrow you can see in the car park in the corner beside the main path, is a traditional figure for keeping the birds away from the crops, our scarecrow is a permanent sculpture.

   - The scarecrow you can see in the car park in the corner beside the main path, is a traditional figure for keeping the birds away from crops, but our scarecrow is a permanent sculpture.

3. It's taller than a human being, so you can see it from a quite distance.

   - It's taller than a human being, so you can see it from quite a distance.

4. It opposite the New Barn beside the side path that brunches of just over there.

   - It's opposite(prep.) the New Barn, beside the side path that branches(v.) off to the right, just over there.

5. The maze is made out of hedges, which are too tall for young children to see over them, but it's quite small, so you can't get lost in it.

6. Now can you see the bridge crossing the Fish Pool further up the Main Path?

7. If you want to go to the café, go towards the bridge and turn right just before it.

8. Walk along the side path, and the café's on the first bend you come to.

9. The building was originally the school house, and it's well over a hundred years old.

10. As you may know, we run skills workshops here, where you could learn traditional crafts, like wood work and basket-making.

11. You can see examples of the work and talk to someone about the courses in the Black Barn.

12. If you take the side path to the right here, just by the New Barn, you'll come to the Black Barn just where the first bend you pass.

    - If you take the side path to the right here, just by the New Barn, you'll come to the Black Barn just where the path first bends.

13. Now I mustn't forget to tell you about picnicing, as I can see, some of you have brought your lunch with you.

14. Or if you'd prefer a covered picnic area, there's one near the Farm Yard, just after you cross the bridge, there's a covered picnic spot on the right.

15. From here you can cross the brigde then walk along a footpath through the field to the left of the Farm Yard.

16. It's certainly worth of a few photographs, but as it's a private home, I'm afraid you can't go inside.

    - It's certainly worth a few photographs, but as it's a private home, I'm afraid you can't go inside.
