# Jan 04, 2024 - [CBC News - Tents torn down as workers, police remove Edmonton encampment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSJxGZYu5nA)

## Original Text (Processed by ChatGPT)

We're at a block that the police have blocked off this morning, here right in between Chinatown and the Abyssal Center. Abyssal Center, that building in behind us, and there's basically tents that have been all along this line of encampments here, and uh, we think there's about probably over a couple dozen here with many people waking up this morning and finding out that they actually did have to leave.

So essentially what's been happening is there's still some are still packing up behind us, but if you look over here this way, we've actually got this cleanup crew, and they're workers their way down that way cleaning up any of uh, the last bits uh, from the encampments there and then working the way all the way down.

So some of these residents down here are a bit frustrated. Some have been angry of they woken up and had this actually going down, and many have been just stressed out. And at the same time, there's been advocates and agencies here to help out to relieve that stress. Some are offering coffee, uh, some are just helping to help out with mental health but also see if they can get them to any services that are available, which is a big one that many of the advocates here have been upset because the Bissell Center they actually offer a lot of services to vulnerable Edmontonians and that's why many of these tents are so close here of those services as well.

Now this is actually the fourth uh, encampment that the city of Edmonton has carried out over the past week, and these agencies have been here, and people have been protesting, especially this one this morning. But now the big question is where do these people go because many of them have been trying to pack up stuff on kind of carts any mobile equipment they have to try and get any of the stuff to another site. Where do they go? Some have said that they're just going to go find another encampment to go to because the other question is there's a social agencies that have shelters available, but some of them say the shelters just aren't a good fit. Travis M and CBC News, Edmonton.

## Dictation

1. We're at a block that the police have blocked off this morning here, where between the Chinatown and the Bissell Center.

2. The Bissell Center is that a building in behind us. And there's basically tents have been all along this line of encampments here. And We think there's about probably over a couple dozen here.

3. Many people waking up this morning, and finding out that they actually did have to leave.

4. And so essentially what's been happening. There's still Some still are packing up behind us.

5. But if you look over here this way, we actually got this clean-up crew. There're workers in the way down that way. Cleaning up any of the last bits from encampments there and then working in the way all the way down.

6. So some of these residents is down here a bit frustrated. Some've been angry of the woken up and had this actually going down. Many have been just stressed out.

7. At the same time, there's been advocates and agencies here to help out to relieve that stress. Some are offering coffee. Some is helping to help out with mental health.

8. But also see if they can get them any services that are available which is a big one that many of the advocates here will upset. Because the Bissell Center actually offer a lot of services for vulnerable edmontonians. That's why many of these tents are so close here of those services as well.

9. Now this is actually the fourth encampment on that the city of Edmonton has carried out over the past week. And these agencies have been here. And people have been protesting.

10. Especially this one this morning, but now the big question is where these people go. Because many of them have been trying to pack up stuff on a kind of carts any mobile equipment they have. And to try and get any of the stuff to another site.

11. Where do they go? Some've said that they're just going to go, find another encampment to go to. Because the other questions is there's social agencies that have shelters available but some of them say the shelters just aren't a good fit. Travis McEwan, CBC News, Edmonton.
