# 2024-08-11 Eli_Scientific-America_5

## 知识点

1. disturb v. 打扰、干扰

   disrupt v. 中断

2. worldwide adj. 全世界的（通常后置）

3. conservation n. 保护、节约

   conversation n. 对话

   convention n. 惯例、习俗；会议

   preservation n. 保护、保存原样

4. plus prep. 加（只在数字 A plus 数字 B 情况下使用） adj. 至少；正数（在数字前）；有正电荷 n. 加号；优势 conj. 此外、还 = furthermore/also

5. A be home to B A 是 B 的家（直接翻译成：“有”会更快，A 里面有 B）

6. necessity n. 必需品（重音在 ce）

   necessary adj. 必要的（重音在 ne）

7. log n. 原木；记录本 v. 伐木；记录

   timber n. 木材

   lumber v. 笨重地移动 v. 加工木材；增加负担 n. 木材（已粗加工为板或条状）；没用的家具、杂物

8. mine n. 矿 v. 采矿

9. temperate adj. 适度的、温和的、温带的

10. goods n. 商品（生产用来卖的）

11. incorporate v. 包含、吸收、使并入

12. extinct adj. 灭绝的

    extinction n. 灭绝

    extinguish v. 使熄灭

    extinguisher n. 灭火器

13. loss n. 损失

    lose（过去式、过去分词 lost） v. 失去、丢失、输

## 听写

1. Just 25 countries hold almost all of world's undisturbed forest.

   - Just 25 countries hold almost all of world's undisturbed forests.

2. More than half of that forest ? Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Russia, and the U.S.

   - More than half of that forest is in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Russia, and the U.S.

3. And only 22 percent of forestland worldwide is protected.

4. So what could be done to save the 13 million plus square kilometers untouched forests?

   - So what could be done to save the 13 million plus square kilometers of untouched forests?

5. After all, They are home to more than half of plants and animals, and povide necessaties like clean airs and clean waters for us humans.

   - After all, They are home to more than half of the world's plants and animals, and povide necessities like clean air and clean water for us humans.

6. But there're serious threat from logging, mining and farming.

   - But they're under serious threat, whether from logging, mining or farming.

7. Such land use changed while? 3 percent of forests exist in the past still remain temperory parts of the globe.

   - Such land use change is why only 3 percent of the forest that existed in the past still remains in the temperate parts of the globe.

8. One suggestion for preservation is to make for part of international environment negotiations, like the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change has try to do.

   - One suggestion for preservation is to make forests a part of international environmental negotiations, like (what) the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change has tried to do.

9. The goods in services for us should be incorprated in the economic assessment as well.

   - The goods and services forests provide should be incorporated into economic assessments as well.

10. And world's governments should avoid further forest loses to slow climate change and current extinction.

    - And the world's governments should avoid further forest losses to slow climate change and the current rate of extinction.
