# 2024-07-13 Eli_IELTS12_Test6_Section1-1

## 知识点

1. box office n. 票房（电影、音乐节卖票的地方）

2. till = until

3. programme n. 节目表、流程；程序；项目

4. the opening ceremony 开幕式

5. activity 活动（运动的，有动作的）

   event 活动（人组织的）

6. spot n. 点、地点 v. 发现

7. a lot adv. 副词

   a lot of/ lots of 数词

8. bund n. 外滩

   band n. 条带；一组人；乐队 v. 用带子绑；形成小组

   bond n. 联系、纽带；债券 v. 粘合；连接（通过化学键）；砌砖以形成坚固结构；抵押

   bound v. 蹦跳；形成边界；bind 的过去式与过去分词 n. 蹦跳；边界；adj. 即将到达之地；必将发生之事；限制之地；特别的装订；

   abound v. 盛产、富于

9. choir n. 合唱团、唱诗班（发音同 quire，常考点）

10. cadet n. 新兵学员（一年级新生，仅用于军、警校）

11. hear of 听说过

12. centenary 第 100 周年纪念

13. sunset n. 落日

    sun sets 太阳落下

## 听写

1. Good morning! C Box Office. How can I help you? Oh, good morning! I'm coming to Canton for a few days holiday next month.

   - Good morning! Kenton Box Office. How can I help you? Oh, good morning! I'm coming to Kenton for a few days' holiday next month.

2. And a friend told me there is a festival. She gave me this number to find out about it.

3. That's right. The festival begins on the 16th of May and goes on till the 19th.

4. I'll be there from the 15th till the 19th. So could you tell me the program please?

5. Well, on the first day, there is the opening ceremony on the town's center.

   - Well, on the first day, there is the opening ceremony in the Town Center.

6. People start gathering around 2 o'clock to get a good place to see from. And the events will start at 2:45 and finish about 5:30.

7. I'll make sure I get a good spot. The festival will be officially opened by the mayor.

   - I'll make sure I get there early to get a good spot. The festival will be officially opened by the mayor.

8. He will just speak for a few minutes, welcoming everyone to the festival.

9. All the town consellers will be there. And of course, lots of the people.

   - All the town councilors will be there. And of course, lots of other people.

10. Then there'll be a performance by a band.

11. Most years we have a children's acquire, but this year the local army debt offered to perform. And very good.

    - Most years we have a children's choir, but this year the local army cadet offered to perform. And they're very good.

12. After that a community group from the town will perform a play they've written themselves. Just a short one.

13. It is about Helen Tungate. I don't know if you've heard of her. I certainly have, she was a scientist a few years ago.

    - It is about Helen Tungate. I don't know if you've heard of her. I certainly have, she was a scientist years ago.

14. She was born in Kenton exactly one hundred years ago. So we're celebrating her centi-inery.

    - She was born in Kenton exactly one hundred years ago. So we're celebrating her centenary.

15. I'm a biologist. So I've always been interested in her. I didn't realize she came from Kenton.

16. Yes, well, all that will take place in the afternoon. And later, as the sun sets, there will be a firework display.

17. You should go to the park to watch as you get the best view from there, and the display takes place on the opposite side of the river.

    - You should go to the park to watch as you'll get the best view from there, and the display takes place on the opposite side of the river.

18. It's always one of the most popular events in the festival.
