# 2024-03-01 Eli_Scientific_American_4

## 知识点

1. out of = from

   one out of ten 十分之一

2. cocktail n. 鸡尾酒（混合酒）

3. so-called adj. 所谓的

4. cerebral adj. 大脑的

   brain n. 大脑

   cortex n. 大脑皮层

5. auditory adj. 听力的、听觉的

   visual adj. 视觉的

6. simultaneous adj. 同时的

   simultaneous interpretation 同传

   consecutive interpretation 交传

7. process v. 处理

   processor n. 处理器

8. recognize v. 识别

## 科学美国人

1. It's tough to pick up familiar face of the crowd, but focusing on noisy voice and noisy room is easy.

   - It's tough to pick a familiar face out of a crowd, but focusing on a known voice in a noisy room is easy.

2. And a new study scanned volunteer's brains to look up how we solve so called cock tail party problem.

   - And a new study scanned volunteers' brains to look up how we solve the so-called cocktail party problem.

3. Researchers recorded the activity of subjects review texts plain their sentences by different voices.

   - Researchers recorded the activity of the subject's cerebral cortexes while playing them sentences spoken by different voices.

4. First the subjects listen to individual accent reported key feature of each one.

   - First the subjects listened to individual sentences and reported key features of each one.

5. Then, they heard two different sentences that played at the same time and had to listen to and recall details from only one voice.

   - Then, they heard two different sentences played at the same time, but had to listen to and recall details from only one voice.

6. Each voice during a particular correspond from auditory cortex.

   - Each voice drew a particular response from the auditory cortex.

7. And even extra sentences spontaneously researchers found cortex respond specific to the voice of subject focusing on.

   - And even with an extra sentence playing simultaneously, researchers saw that the cortex responded specifically to the voice that the subject was focusing on.

8. This expanding indicates that brings processed sound based not only audio they've received but also listening goals.

   - This finding indicates that our brains process sound based not only on the audio input they receive, but also on our listening goals.

9. And speaking tracking system accurate in crowds even at a cocktail party.

   - And it could lead to speech recognition systems that are accurate in crowds - even at a cocktail party.
