# 2024-02-29 Eli_IELTS

## 答题

1. soap(disease)

2. perfume

3. salt

4. science

5. luxury(tax)

## 知识点

1. filth n. 污物；秽物（名词用得很少）

   filthy adj. 肮脏的；污秽的；有时候会以贬义表示褒义（太变态了）

2. lack n. v. 缺少

3. sanitary adj. 公共卫生的；有益于健康的

4. outbreak n. 爆发

   break out v. 爆发

5. craft n. 手艺、工艺 v. 手工、精心制作

   craft beer 精酿

6. association n. 协会；组织

   associate v. 关联

   associate A with B

   NBA National Basketball Association

7. guard v. 保护

8. along with = with

9. perfume n. 香水

10. variety n. 变种

    varieties of 各种各样的

    kind/type/sort

11. shampoo n. 洗发水

    conditioner n. 护发素

12. laundry n. 脏衣服

    launder v. 洗衣服（比较少用）

    money-laundering 洗钱

13. 主 定语（很长升调）谓语（降调）注意升降调帮助找谓主

14. chemistry n. 化学

    chemist n. 化学家

    patent n. v. 专利

15. alkali n. 碱

16. yield vt. 产生；产出（仅及物）

    yield to vi. 屈服（仅不及物）

17. quantity amount 用于不可数

    number 用于可数

    a number of apples

    a great amount/quantity of water

18. luxury n.

    luxurious adj.

19. tax v. 收税

20. readily adv. = easily

## 听写与原文

1. After the Rome, in 467 A.D., and resulting in decline in bath habits reducing much of impact f in public health.

   - After the fall of Rome in 467 A.D., and the resulting decline in bathing habits, much of Europe felt the impact filth on public health.

2. This lack of personal cleanliness and related on senitory living conditions made outbreak disease in middle age and especially the black death of 14th century.

   - This lack of personal cleanliness and related unsanitary living conditions were major factors in the outbreaks of disease in the Middle Ages, and especially the Black Death of the 14th century.

3. Nevertheless, soap-making became established craft in Europe and associations of soap maker guard their secret closely.

   - Nevertheless, soap-making became an established craft in Europe and associations of soap makers guarded their trade secret closely.

4. Vegetables and animal oils were used with ashes of plants, along with perfume, apparently for the first time.

5. Gradually, more varieties of soap became available for shaving and shampooing, as well as bathing and laundry.

   - Gradually, more varieties of soap became available for shaving and shampooing, as well as bathing and laundering.

6. A major step to world large scale commercial soap-making occured in 1791, when a french chemist N L pay salt into soda ash or sodium cardinate.

   - A major step toward large-scale commercial soap-making occurred in 1791, when a french chemist, Nicholas Leblanc, patented a process for turning salt into soda ash or sodium carbonate.

7. Soda ash is the al obtained from ashes combining fat to form soap.

   - Soda ash is the alkali obtained from ashes that combines with fat to form soap.

8. The Leblanc process yielded quantities of good quality inexpensive soda ash.

9. Modern soap making was born some 20 years later in the early 19th century, with the discovery of Michel Eugene Chevreul,another french chemist of the chemical fats, glycerine and fatty acids.

   - Modern soap making was born some 20 years later in the early 19th century, with the discovery by Michel Eugene Chevreul, another french chemist, of the chemical nature and relationship of fats, glycerine and fatty acids.

10. His studies established the basis both the fat and soap chemistry and soap-making became a science.

    - His studies established the basis for both fat and soap chemistry and soap-making became a science.

11. Further developments during the 19th century made it easier and cheaper to manufacture soap.

12. Until on 19th century, soap was regarded as a luxury item with heavily tax in several countries.

    - Until the 19th century, soap was regarded as a luxury item, and was heavily taxed in several countries.

13. As it became more readily avaliable, it became an everyday necessity, a development that was reinforced when high tax was removed.

14. Soap was then something ordinary people could afford, and cleanliness standards improved.

15. With this wide spread use came development melted soap for bathing and soap for use in wash machines by the consumers by the term of the 20th century.

    - With this widespread use came development of milder soaps for bathing and soaps for use in the washing machines that were avaliable to consumers by the turn of the 20th century.
