# 2025-02-13 Eli_IELTS16_Test3_Part2-1

## 答题

1. AB (AC)

2. AC (BC)

## 知识点

1. recruit v. 招募 n. 招募的人、候选人

   recruitment n. 招募

   hire v. 雇佣

   consultant n. 顾问

   specialist n. 专员（专门负责一个事）

   expert n. 专家（在某方面很厉害）

2. agriculture 农业

   horticulture 园艺

3. stick n. 棍子 v. 粘

   stuck (stick 的过去式、过去分词) 被卡住、粘住了

   sticky adj. 黏黏的

   stick to 坚持

   stalk (过去式、过去分词 stalked) n. 植物主茎；跟踪；大步前进的步态 v. 跟踪；骚扰；大步走

   stock v. 储存

4. juggle v. 连续向空中抛接多个物体

   jog v. 慢跑

5. setting n. 环境（电脑手机场景是对环境的设置）

6. rural adj. 乡村的

   urban adj. 城市的

7. plus n. 优点 v. 加（加号）

   minus n. 缺点 v. 减（减号）

   pros and cons

8. keen adj. 喜欢的

   be keen to do sth.

9. 天气通常用 it 指代

   It's cold and windy.

10. pretty adv. = very

11. remote adj. 遥远的 n. 遥控器

12. turn out 结果是、变得是、最终是

13. fine adv. adj. 好的 n. 罚款

## 听写

1. And I'm a recruitment consultant at AVT Recruitment Specialists.

2. Now I will company specializes in positions which involved working on algriculture so that's fresh food production, garden and park maintainance and so on.

   - Now our company specializes in positions that involve working in agriculture and horticulture sectors so that's fresh food production, garden and park maintenance and so on.

3. And these sectors do provide some very special career oppotunities.

   - And these sectors do provide some very special career opportunities.

4. For a start, they often offer opportunities for those who don't want to be stuck in 40 hours a week, but need to jugle work with other responsibilities such as child care.

   - For a start, they often offer opportunities for those who don't want to be stuck with a 40-hour week, but need to juggle work with other responsibilities such as child care.

5. And this is very important for many of our recruits.

6. Some people like working in a rural setting, surrounded by plants and trees instead of buildings, although we can't gurantee that.

   - Some people like working in a rural setting, surrounded by plants and trees instead of buildings, although we can't guarantee that.

7. But there are certainly health benefits. Especially a job where You're not sitting there all day looking at the screen. A big plus for many people.

   - But there are certainly health benefits, especially in jobs where You're not sitting all day looking at the screen, a big plus for many people.

8. Salaries can sometimes be good too, although there's a lot variety here.

   - Salaries can sometimes be good too, although there's a lot of variety here.

9. And You may have the opportunity in some types of jobs for travel overseas, although that obviously depends on the job, and not everyone is keen to do it.

10. Of course, working outdoors does have its challenges.

11. It's fine in summer, but can be extremely unpleasant, when it's cold and windy.

12. You may need to be pretty fit for some job, though with modern technology, that's not as important as the one it was.

    - You may need to be pretty fit(身体非常好) for some job, though with modern technology that's not as important as it once was.

13. And standards of ? safty are much higher now than they used to be. So there are fewer work related to accidents.

    - And standards of health and safty are much higher now than they used to be. So there are fewer work-related to accidents.

14. But if you like a lively city environment surrounded by lots of people, these jobs are probably not for you. They're often in pretty remote areas.

15. And some people worry about finding a suitable place to live. But in our experience, this usually turns out fine.
