# 2025-03-05 Eli_IELTS14_Test2_Part2-2

## 答题

1. B

2. C

3. C

4. B

5. A

6. H

7. G (D)

8. F

9. A

10. E

## 知识点

1. take a look at 看一下

2. plan n. 计划；规划图

3. expand n. 扩张（整体）

   extend n. 线性延伸（某个方向）

4. archery n. 射箭术；射箭运动

   archer n. 弓箭手

   bow and arrow 弓和箭

5. or so 后置表示大约

6. turn right

   take a right

   take the first right

   look at

   take a look at

7. souvenir n. 纪念品

8. lovely adj. 可爱的（注意是形容词，不是副词）

## 听写

1. Now if you can take a look at your plans, you'll see the Branley Castle has 4 towers joint together by a high wall with a river on two sides.

   - Now if you can take a look at your plans, you'll see Branley Castle has 4 towers, joined together by a high wall, with the river on two sides.

2. Don't miss in the great hall, that's near the river of the main tower, the biggest one which was extended and redesigned on the 18th century.

   - Don't miss seeing the great hall, that's near the river in the main tower, the biggest one which was extended and redesigned in the 18th century.

3. If you want to get a good view of the whole castle, you can walk around the walls.

4. The starting point's quite near the main entrance. walk down the street until you get to the south gate it's just there.

   - The starting point's quite near the main entrance. Walk straight down the path until you get to the south gate, and it's just there.

5. There'll shortly be a show in which you can see archers displaying their skill with bow and arrow.

6. The quickest way to get there is to take the first left after the main entrance and follow the path pass the bridge, then you'll see it in front of you at the end.

   - The quickest way to get there is to take the first left after the main entrance and follow the path past the bridge, then you'll see it in front of you at the end.

7. If you go from the main entrance in the direction of the south gate but turn right before you get there instead of going through it, you'll see it on your right past the first tower.

   - If you go from the main entrance in the direction of the south gate but turn right before you get there instead of going through it, you'll see it on your right past the first tower.

8. At 3 p.m., there's a short performance of traditonal dancing on the outdoor stage.

9. That's right at the other side of the castle from the entrance and over the bridge. It's about 10 minutes walk or so.

   - That's right at the other side of the castle from the entrance and over the bridge. It's about 10 minutes' walk or so.

10. And finally the shop, it's actually inside one of the towers but the way in is from the outside.

11. Just take the first left after the main entrance go down the path and take the first right. It's got some lovely gifts and suveniors.

    - Just take the first left after the main entrance go down the path and take the first right. It's got some lovely gifts and souvenirs.
