# 2025-03-09 Eli_BBC-News_E5

## 知识点

1. migrant n. 迁徙的人（仅是地理位置的变化）

   immigrant n. 移民（移入者）

   emigrant n. 移民（移出者）

2. cross v. 穿过

   across prep. 穿过

3. say said says 注意三个发音都不同

4. smuggle v. 走私

   smuggler n. 走私者

   gang n. 黑帮（犯罪组织）；死党朋友（口语中）

5. crypto- adj. 加密的

   currency n. 货币

   currency exchange 换汇

6. surge vi. 快速上升

7. strategy n. 战略

   strategic adj. 战略的（注意发音完全变了）

8. reserve n. v. 储备

   The Federal Reserve 美联储

9. name v. 命名；提及

10. controversial adj. 具有争议的（贬义）

    contentious adj. （正式场合）可能引起争议的

11. fellow n. 有同样情况的人

12. tsar n. 沙皇

13. agitation n. 焦虑、忧虑、烦乱 = worry concern

    agitate v. 担心；煽动

    agitator n. （政治上的）煽动者

14. amount to 等同于 = equal

15. censorship n. 审查

16. breach n. （对法规等的）违背、违犯

## 听写

1. Local leaders from coastal communities in modern France to cold British Prime Minister to visit the Calais region to see the pressure that their communities are under.

   - Local leaders from coastal communities in northern France have called on the British Prime Minister to visit the Calais region to see the pressure their communities are under.

2. They say they're dealing with the migrants waiting to cross the English Channel in small boats.

3. The British governments has been working with the French authorities to tackle the smuggling gangs.

   - The British government says it's working with the French authorities to tackle the smuggling gangs.

4. The value of sub-crypto currencies has surged Donald Trump have answer that the new U.S. be reserve the digital asset would be set up.

   - The value of some crypto-currencies has surged after Donald Trump announced that the new U.S. Strategic Reserve of Digital Asset would be set up.

5. He named Bitcoin and Etheuem as three hours, he said he made the U.S. world crypto capital.

   - He named Bitcoin and Etheuem and three others, he said he would made the U.S. the world's crypto capital.

6. The Royal Society reckons national academy of science has called a special meeting of all members on Monday to consider ejecting one of its most contraversal members Elon Musk.

   - The Royal Society, Britain's national academy of sciences, has called a special meeting of its members on Monday to consider ejecting one of its most controversial members, Elon Musk.

7. Over 3000 society fellows send a letter expressing deep concern about the President Trump's efficiencies are.

   - Over 3000 society fellows signed a letter expressing deep concern about President Trump's efficiency tsar.

8. Reputation has been grown among fellows of the Roral Society over Elon Musk's behavior toward scientific community.

   - Agitation has been growing among fellows of the Roral Society over Elon Musk's behavior towards the scientific community.

9. They've claimed his actions, which includes his role in funding-cut research, climate change issues, and tax U.S. Chief Medical Adviser Anthony Fauci amount a bridge of organization of code of conduct.

   - They've claimed his actions, which includes his role in funding cuts for U.S government scientific research, censorship of climate change issues, and attacks on the former U.S. Chief Medical Adviser and society fellow Anthony Fauci, amount to a breach of organization's code of conduct.
