# 2025-02-17 Eli_IELTS16_Test1_Part3-1

## 答题

1. AC (CE)

2. CE (BE)

## 知识点

1. get on with sth./sb. 相处、应对

2. base n. 基础 v. 以...为基础

   base A on B 把 A 建立在 B 基础上

   I based my learning of English on practicing.

3. that adv. 那么地（注意这是副词）

4. handout n. 发的东西（宣传品、传单、讲义、救济品等）

5. put off 推迟；扑灭；使反感、使对...失去兴趣

   A put B off C

   This book puts me off literature.

   I was put off literature by this book.

   This book puts me off reading books.

   I was put off reading books by this book.

   His jacket puts me off him.

   I was put off him by his jacket.

6. pour

   It pours like dogs and cats. 倾盆大雨

7. workshop 研讨会、讲习班；车间、工坊（较少用了）

8. proposal n. 选题、提议；求婚 v. 求婚

9. hand in 交上去

   hand out 发出来

10. amend v. 修正、修订

    amendment n. 修正案

11. rationale n. 基本原理、根本原因、逻辑推理

12. diary n. 日记、记录

    dairy adj. 奶制品相关的

13. scope n. 范围

14. vague adj. 模糊的、不明确的（思想上）

    vogue n. 时尚 = fashion

## 听写

1. How are you getting on with your art project, Tom?

2. OK. Like They gave us the same of bird to base our project on. And I'm not that all interested in wild life.

   - OK. Like They gave us the theme of birds to base our project on. And I'm not really all that interested in wildlife.

3. When they gave us all those handouts with details of books and websites, I was really to put off. But the more I read the more interested I got.

   - When they gave us all those handouts with details of books and websites to look at, I was really put off. But the more I read the more interested I got.

4. I found I could research so many different aspects of birds in art - color, movement, texture.

5. What a let down. It poured with rain and we hardly saw a single bird. Much less use than the trip to the Natural History Museum.

6. I liked all the stuff about evolution there. The workshop sessions with Dr. Fletcher will go to especially the brain storming sessions.

   - I liked all the stuff about evolution there. The workshop sessions with Dr. Fletcher were good too. especially the brainstorming sessions.

7. I missed those because I was ill. I wish we could have seen the project the last year student did.

   - I missed those because I was ill. I wish we could have seen the projects last year's students did.

8. I suppose they want us to do our own thing, not copy. Have you drafted your proposal yet? Yes, but I haven't handed it in.

9. I realized the notes from my research are almost all just discriptions. I haven't evaluate anything.

   - I've realized the notes from my research are almost all just descriptions. I haven't actually evaluated anything.

10. And I've done the video diary presentation and what I might outcome to be in the project.

    - And I've done the video diary presentation and worked out what I want my outcome to be in the project.

11. Someone told me it's best not to be too precise about your actual outcome at this stage. So you have more scope to explore your ideas later on.

12. So I'm going to go back to my proposal to make it a bit more vague. Really? OK. I'll change that too than.
