# 2025-02-20 Eli_IELTS16_Test3_Part3-1

## 答题

1. C (CD)

2. C (CE)

## 知识点

1. obese adj. 肥胖的（病态的）

   obesity n. 肥胖症

2. It took me ages 花费很久做某事

3. keep track of 追踪、记录

4. packet n. 小盒子、包装袋

5. nutrition n. 营养

   nutritional adj. 营养的

6. grind v. 研磨（过去式和过去分词都是 ground）；磨砺（抽象意义上，口语中用）

   grinder n. 食物研磨机

   ground n. 大地 v. 搁浅；以...为依据（ground ... on sth. ）

7. a lot adv.

   a bit adv.

   adv. 修饰形容词、动词

   You eat a lot.

   You are a lot smarter than before.

8. reckon v. 认为

## 听写

1. OK. Rosie. Shall we try to get some ideas together for our presentation on diet and obesity. Sure.

2. I can talk about the experiment I did to see if people can tell the difference between real sugar and artificial sweeteness.

   - I can talk about the experiment I did to see if people can tell a difference between real sugar and artificial sweeteners.

3. Where you give people drinks with either sugar or artificial sweeteners and they have to say which they thought it was.

4. It was to me to decide how I organized and especially how I could make sure the people didn't know which drink I was giving them.

   - It took me ages to decide exactly how I'd organized it and especially how I could make sure that people didn't know which drink I was giving them.

5. It was hard to keep track of it at all, especially there had so many people doing it. I have to make sure that I had a proper record that each person that had.

   - It was hard to keep track of it all, especially as I had so many people doing it. I had to make sure I kept a proper record of what each person had had.

6. measuring the fat content of the nuts to see the nuitritional information on the package was accurate.

   - Then there is that experiment I did, measuring the fat content of the nuts to see if the nutritional information given on the packet was accurate.

7. The one way you ground up the nuts and mixed them with chemicals to absorbed fat.

   - The one where you ground up the nuts and mixed them with a chemical to absorb the fat.

8. Yes. My result whereas problematic the fat content for that type of mut seemed much lower than it set on the packet.

   - Yes. My results were a bit problematic. The fat content for that type of mut seemed much lower than it said on the package.

9. But I reckon the package information was right. I think I should probably have ground nuts more than I did.

   - But I reckon the package information was right. I think I should probably have ground up nuts more than I did.
