# 2025-02-18 Eli_IELTS16_Test1_Part3-2

## 答题

1. D

2. C

3. A

4. H

5. F

6. G

## 知识点

1. falcon n. 猎鹰

2. With A doing 伴随着做

   With A done 伴随着被做

3. seem to be

4. stare at vi. 盯着

   look at/for

5. talon n. （某些鸟类，尤指猛禽的）爪

6. swoop v. （尤指为了袭击）俯冲、向下猛冲 n. 突然袭击、突击搜查、突然行动

7. in relation to 相关于（整体当一个 adv.）

   I want to present a problem in relation to our culture.

8. predator n. 捕猎者

   prey n. 猎物

9. impression n. 印象（给人留下的印象）

   first impression 第一印象

   A impress B A 给 B 留下深刻印象

   The boss impresses this employee. 老板给员工留下好印象。（不可脑补反了）

10. perch vi. 栖息；停留

11. reed n. 芦苇

12. shade n. 阴影、暗部、投影（图画中的）；遮蔽

13. get got got(英)/gotten(美)

14. portrait n. 肖像

15. way + 完整句子

    The way you read books is good.

16. ambiguous adj. = vague

17. 利用、使用：

    take advantage of

    make use of

    utilize

    capitalize on

    exploit

    harness

18. fist n. 拳头

    facet n. 方面

    Feast n. 盛宴；节日 vi 尽情享用

19. Tahiti n. 塔希提岛（港台译为大溪地）

## 听写

1. One part of the project I'm ensure about is where we choose the paint of some bird and say what they mean to us.

   - One part of the project I'm unsure about is where we choose some paintings of birds and say what they mean to us.

2. I like it. Because the bird is standing there with his head turn to one side. But he seems to be staring straight at you.

   － I like it. Because the bird is standing there with his head turned to one side. But he seems to be staring straight at you.

3. I can't just say it's a bit scary, can I? Em. You could talk about the possible danger suggested by the bird's look.

4. It's sweeping over the water with a fish in its Talons and with great black wings which take out the most of the picture.

   - It's swooping over the water with a fish in its talons and with great black wings which take up the most of the picture.

5. So you could discuss it in relations of preditors and food chains? Well actually I think I'll concentrate on rapid motion I guess.

   - So you could discuss it in relation to predators and food chains? Well actually I think I'll concentrate on the impression of rapid motion it gives.

6. It's purching on a greed growing on a narrowing string. It's got beautiful blue and red and black sheds.

   - It's perching on a reed growing near a stream. Yes, It's got these beautiful blue and red and black shades.

7. I've actually chose it, because I saw a real kingfisher once when I was little. I was walking with my grandfather. And I've never forgotten it.

   - I've actually chosen it, because I saw a real kingfisher once when I was little. I was out walking with my grandfather, and I've never forgotten it.

8. I can't remember the artist. But it's a mid-aged man who just shot a bird.

   - I can't remember the artist. But it's a middle-aged man who's just shot a bird.

9. And It's a expression. And the way he holding the bird with his hand suggests that he's not sure what he's done.

   - And his expression and the way he's holding the bird in his hand suggest he's not sure about what he's done.

10. To me it's about how ambiguous people are in the way they exploit the nature world.
