# 2025-03-01 Eli_BBC-News_E4

## 知识点

1. survivor n. 生还者

   rescue v. 救援

2. destroy v. （完全）摧毁

   devastate v. （大部分）损毁

   damage v. （少部分）损坏

3. hamper vi. = prevent/hinder

   hamper/prevent/hinder/obstruct/bar sb. from doing sth.

4. rainfall 包含 snow rain hail

   hail n. 冰雹；欢呼 v. 下冰雹；猛烈坠落；欢呼；称赞；来自于

5. trap n. 陷阱 v. 困住

   trapped

   collapse vi. 崩塌

6. manage to 成功做某事

7. -struct 词根 建造

   structure n. 结构

   construct v. 建造

   destruct v. 毁灭

   instruct v. 教学、指导

   infrastructure n. 基础设施

   obstruct v. 阻碍

8. as many/much as 多达

   as soon as 尽快

9. up until = until

10. substance n. 物质

    substantial adj. 大量的、重大的、价值巨大的

11. dead adj. 死亡的（发音短促）

    died v. 死亡（过去式）

12. sequence n. 顺序

    subsequence n. 后续

    subsequent adj. 后续的、随后的

13. have been doing 一直

14. peninsula n. 半岛（跟大陆接壤）

    island n. 岛屿（跟大陆不接壤）

15. epicenter n. 震中

    rubble n. 瓦砾

    bury v. 掩埋；埋葬

    burial n. 葬礼

16. rupture n. 断裂 v. 断裂

    rapture n. 非常高兴

17. search and rescue 搜索营救

18. shelter n. 住的地方、避难所 v. 避难、庇护

## 听写

1. Thousands of rescuers in Japan are continuing to search for survivers of Monday's devastating earthquake which killed 78 people.

   - Thousands of rescuers in Japan are continuing to search for survivors of Monday's devastating earthquake which killed at least 78 people.

2. Their efforts have been hampered by after shocks' heavy rainfall.

   - Their efforts have been hampered by aftershocks and heavy rainfall.

3. Many people here are still missing due to be trucked under their collapsed homes. Most of cities like Suzu and Wajima were way ma to get huge yesterday and saw huge destruction.

   - Many people here are still missing thought to be trapped under their collapsed homes. Most are in the cities of Suzu and Wajima where we managed to get to yesterday and saw huge destruction.

4. Japan's prime minister Fumio Kishida said earlier that more than 150 people had been rescued so far.

5. And they will continue with their full scale efforts to see as many as possible up until 72 hour window closes.

   - And they would continue with their full-scale efforts to save as many as possible up until the 72 hour window closes.

6. After this time, the chance of finding people alive drops extantially

   - After this time, the chance of finding people alive drops substantially.

7. The scale of the destruction caused by an earthquake in the central Japan is becoming clearer with more than 30 people now known to have died.

   - The scale of the destruction caused by an earthquake in central Japan is becoming clearer with more than 30 people now known to have died.

8. Hundreds of buildings were destroyed by Monday's quake. All the subsequent fires.

   - Hundreds of buildings were destroyed by Monday's quake or the subsequent fires.

9. We've been driving through the peninsula when earthquake hits towards the ap center and there're isolated damage single homes reduce the rapple often very old wooden houses.

   - We've been driving through the peninsula where the earthquake hit towards the epicenter and there're isolated pieces of damage, single homes reduced to rubble, often very old wooden houses.

10. Some people have been barriered alive trapped by their collapsed homes. Others are missing thought to be trapped.

    - Some people have been buried alive, trapped by their collapsed homes. Others are missing, thought to be trapped.

11. But the rup roads have made it difficult for the rescue team to reach the worst of areas.

    - But the ruptured roads are making it difficult for search and rescue teams to reach the worst affected areas.

12. This has been a terrifying night for thousands of people who was still out of their homes sheltering away from the coast.
