# 2025-02-27/28 Eli_IELTS16_Test4_Part4

## 答题

1. spicies (spices)

2. colony

3. fat

4. head

5. movement

6. banlance

7. brain

8. smell

9. rats

10. forest

## 知识点

1. tinct 词根

   distict adj. 有区别的

   extinguish v. 消灭

   extinct adj. 灭绝的

   extinction n. 灭绝

   instinct n. 直觉、本能

2. saying n. 成语、俗语

3. refer to 指得是

4. Mauritius 毛里求斯

5. well n. 井 adj. 好的 adv. 好得

6. species n. 物种（天生是复数）

   specimen n. 样本、标本

   spices n. 香料（辣椒、咖喱）（一般情况用复数，集合名词）

   spicy adj. 辣的（咖喱的辣）

   hot adj. 辣的（火锅的辣）

7. sailor n. 水手

   seller n. 卖方；货品

8. stock n. 股票；存货、库存 v. 存储、存起来

   store n. 商店 v. 储存

9. voyage n. 航行（尤指海上，船的航行）

   maiden voyage 初次航行

10. find A B 发现 A 是 B

11. colonize v. 占据地方

12. inhabit v. 栖息

    inhabitant n. 栖息者

    habitat n. 栖息地

13. source n. 来源

    sauce n. 酱

14. write wrote written 三个时态发音完全不一样

15. go Dutch AA 制

16. conserve v. （节约、节省式的）保存

    preserve v. （保持原样式的）保存

    preservative n. 防腐剂

17. Of 数字, 主语 谓语 宾语.

    Of many books, this one is good.

18. tissue n. （人、动植物细胞的）组织 n. 纸巾

    napkin n. 餐巾（盘子上放的那个）

19. subject v. 遭受

    A subject B to C - A 让 B 遭受了 C

20. capable adj. 有能力的

    A is capable of n. / doing

21. account n. 账户；解释；描述

22. clumsy adj. 笨拙的、踉跄的

23. knee joints 膝关系

24. find A B

    adj. to do 主动表被动

    I find this book great to read.

25. even adv. 甚至 adj. 平坦的；双数的、偶数的

    odd adj. 奇怪的；奇数的

26. skull n. 骷髅头、头骨

27. carry out 实施

28. bear n. 熊 v. 忍受；承担；支持、证实；携带；生（孩子）

    过去式 bore

    生孩子过去分词用 born，承担、支持、携带过去分词用 borne

    bear out 证实

29. in relation to 相对于

30. pigeon n. 鸽子

31. ripe adj. （植物的）成熟的

    mature adj. （人）成熟的

32. vegetation n. 植被

## 听写

1. One of the most famous cases of extinction is that of the bird known as DoDo.

   - One of the most famous cases of extinction is that of a bird known as the DoDo.

2. In fact, as even seen in English as the dead of the DoDo used to refer something that no longer exists.

   - In fact, there's even a saying in English: "as dead as the DoDo.", used to refer to something which no longer exists.

3. But for many centuries, the DoDo was alive and well, although could only be found in one place the island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean.

   - But for many centuries, the DoDo was alive and well, although it could only be found in one place the island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean.

4. It was a very large bird about one meter tall. And over the centuries it had lost the ability to fly but it survived happily under the trees that covered the island.

5. The sailors were carrying spices back to Europe and found the island a convient place where they could stock up food and water for the rest of the voyage but they didn't settle on Mauritius.

   - The sailors were carrying spices back to Europe and found the island a convenient stopping place where they could stock up with food and water for the rest of the voyage but they didn't settle on Mauritius.

6. These first humanine habitants of the island found the DoDo birds a convenient source of meat, although not everyone like the taste.

   - These first human inhabitants of the island found the DoDo birds a convenient source of meat, although not everyone liked the taste.

7. It's hard to get an accurate description of what the DoDo actually looked like.

8. We do have some written records from sailors and few pictures, but we don't know how reliable these are.

   - We do have some written records from sailors and a few pictures, but we don't know how reliable these are.

9. The best known picture is a Dutch painting in which the bird appears to be extremely fat, but this may not be accurate. An Indian painting done at the same time shows a much thinner bird.

10. Although attempts were made to preserve the bodies of some of the birds, no complete speciman survives.

    - Although attempts were made to preserve the bodies of some of the birds, no complete specimen survives.

11. In the early 17th century, four dried parts of the birds were known to exist, of these, three have disappeared only one example of soft tissue from DoDo survives, a DoDo head.

    - In the early 17th century, four dried parts of a birds were known to exist. Of these, three have disappeared, so only one example of soft tissue from the DoDo survives, a DoDo head.

12. Bones've also been found, but there's only one complete skeleton in existence.

13. This single DoDo skeleton has recently been in subject of scientific research, which suggests that many of the earlier believes about DoDos may have been incorrect.

    - This single DoDo skeleton has recently been the subject of scientific research, which suggests that many of the earlier beliefs about DoDos may have been incorrect.

14. For example, earlier counts of the birds mentioned how slow and it was, but scientist now believes the birds strong sni what was made capable of movement which was not slow, but actually quite fast.

    - For example, early accounts of the birds mentioned how slow and clumsy it was, but scientists now believe the birds strong knee joints would have made it capable of movement which was not slow, but actually quite fast.

15. It's true that the DoDo's small wings wouldn't have allowed it to leave the ground, but the scientists suggest that these were probably employed for banlance while going over on even ground.

    - It's true that the DoDo's small wings wouldn't have allowed it to leave the ground, but the scientists suggest that these were probably employed for banlance while going over uneven ground.

16. They found that the reports of the lack of intelligence of the DoDo were not born out by their research which suggests the bird's brain was not small, but average in size.

    - They found that the reports of the lack of intelligence of the DoDo were not borne out by their research, which suggested the bird's brain was not small, but average in size.

17. In fact, in relation to its body size it was similar to that of the pygen, which was known to be high intelligent birds.

    - In fact, in relation to its body size it was similar to that of the pigeon, which was known to be a highly intelligent birds.

18. The researchers also found that the structure of the bird's skull suggested that one sense which was particularly well-developed was that of smell.

19. So the DoDo may have been particularly good at locating right fruit and other food in island's fake edutation.

    - So the DoDo may also have been particularly good at locating ripe fruit and other food in island's thick vegetation.
