# 2025-02-07 Eli_BBC-News_E1

## 知识点

1. asthma n. 哮喘

2. die of 死于

3. flare-up n. 突发；（尤指）复发

   flare n. 明亮的火光；渐渐宽，尤指衣服、裤子 v. 突发、加剧；变宽

4. impact n. 碰撞 v. 碰撞；影响

   impart v. 传达

5. take into account 考虑到

   用法一：take sth. into account

   用法二：take into account sth.

6. puberty n. 青春期

   period n. 经期

   menstrual adj. 月经的

   pregnancy n. 怀孕

   menopause n. 更年期

7. life-threatening adj. 威胁生命的

8. worsen v. 恶化

9. taboo n. 禁忌

10. impressionable adj. 敏感的 = sensitive

11. severe adj. 严重的

    severity n. 严重

12. kind of / sort of adv. 有点

13. cause n. 事业、目标

## 听写

1. More women have asthma. More women die of asthma. More women have more severe asthma.

2. But not only that. It can realy cause really potential life threatening flare ups.

   - But not only that. It can realy cause really potentially life threatening flare-ups.

3. Researchers has believed that one of the reasons for this is impart famous. Sex women can have on tags

   - Researchers believe that one of the reasons for this is the impact female sex hormones can have on symptoms and attacks.

4. They say that current hormones changes around p periods,pregnancy,maniples , which can cause symtoms flare up and even trigger hug.

   - They say that current treatments don't take into account hormones changes around puberty， periods, pregnancy, and menopause, which can cause symtoms to flare up and even trigger life-threatening attacks.

5. Lisa Hall from Wales say she know to ask where to dissapointed from differential period.

   - Lisa Hall from Wales said she noticed her asthma worsened at different points during her period.

6. So a lot of people talk about your mential cyclist quiet bu especially thinking of 15, 16.

   - For a lot of people, talking about your menstrual cycle is still quite taboo, and especially when you think you're sort of 15, 16.

7. You're quite young and impressionable on you. It's embarassing.

   - You're quite young and impressionable and new. It's embarrassing.

8. You know if it is a lot bit more sort about medical level that question can be raised from a medical professional side rather than having to a comfortable patient

   - You know if it is a little bit more thought about on a medical level, that questions could be raised from a medical professional side rather than it having to always come from a patient.

9. Scientist say that understanding the role of the sex hormones could transform the lives with women's living condition.

   - Scientists say that understanding the role of the sex hormones could transform the lives of women living with the condition.

10. I think there're things that can be done now.

11. You know we do have good asthma treatments, and sometime may be sufficient take more of your regular prevant medicine, sometime for a month.

    - You know we do have good asthma treatments, and sometimes it may be sufficient just to take more of your regular preventer medicine, at certain times of a month.

12. For example, You can't off top of the severeties that might keep you at the hospital.

    - For example, so you kind of take the top off the severities of the symptoms and that might keep you out of hospital.

13. But in the longer term, we'd really like to see kind of specific treatment that will dressing this particular cause.

    - But in the longer term, we'd really like to see if kind of specific treatments that will addressing this particular cause.
