# 2025-02-14 Eli_IELTS16_Test3_Part2-2

## 答题

1. D

2. F

3. A

4. G (H)

5. C

6. E (G)

## 知识点

1. a range of 一系列的

2. produce n. 农作物 v. 生产

3. pace n. 配速（分钟/公里）；步伐

4. margin n. 边缘；利润

   profit margin n. 利润率

5. stuff n. 东西

   staff n. 全体成员、职员（这个单词天生复数）

6. ladder n. 梯子

7. sth. is expected of sb. 某个事物被期待在某人身上

8. maternity n. 孕产、生孩子

   maternity-covered 有孕产保障的

9. competitive adj. 有竞争力的；竞争性、攻击性

## 听写

1. Now, let me tell you about some of the exciting jobs that we have on our books right now.

2. Our client here is a very large fresh food producer, supplying the range of top super markets.

   - Our client here is a very large fresh food producer, supplying a range of top supermarkets.

3. They operate in a very fast pace with a low profit margin. The stuff there work hard and they play hard as well. So if you're a sociable personality, this maybe for you.

   - They operate in a very fast-paced environment with low profit margins. The staff there work hard but they play hard as well. So if you have a sociable personality, this maybe for you.

4. We have an exciting post as a agronomist. Advicing farmers on issues such as crops nutrition, protection against pests and legislation agriculture on farmings and agriculture practices.

   - We have an exciting post as an agronomist, advising farmers on issues such as crop nutrition, protection against pests and the latest legislation on farmings and agricultural practices.

5. There're good oppotunities for the right person to quickly make their way on the career ladder, but a deep knowledge of the agriculture sector is expected of the applicants.

   - There're good oppotunities for the right person to quickly make their way up the career ladder, but a deep knowledge of the agriculture sector is expected of applicants.

6. A leading supermarket is looking for a fresh produce buyer, it was available for a 12-month mid-term contract.

   - A leading supermarket is looking for a fresh produce buyer who is available for a 12-month maternity-covered contract.

7. You need to have experience in administration, planning and buying in fresh produce industry and in return will receive a very competitive salary.

   - You need to have experience in administration, planning and buying in the fresh produce industry and in return will receive a very competitive salary.
