# 2025-02-19 Eli_IELTS16_Test2_Part3-1

## 答题

1. A (B)

2. A

3. C

4. A (C)

## 知识点

1. psychology n. 心理学

2. combine A and B

   mix up A and B

3. 口语常用句式：it was just that + 句子

   没实际意思，废话文学

4. For one student who goes to college, there are two who don't go to college.

   For two books that have been read, there are three that haven't.

   这种句式通常以 for 打头

5. happen to do sth. 碰巧做某事

6. segment n. 部分、片段

7. fit in vi. 适应、适合（不及物）

   It didn't fit in with my lifestyle.

8. stop to do 停下来，要去做某事

   stop doing 停止做、不要做某事

## 听写

1. So Luke, from next sychology assignment, we have to do something on sleep and dreams. Right.

   - So Luke, for our next psychology assignment, we have to do something on sleep and dreams. Right.

2. I've just read an article suggesting why we tend to forget most of our dreams soon after we wake up.

3. I mean most of my dreams on that interesting. What is said was we may get con what actually happened and what we dreamed.

   - I mean most of my dreams aren't that interesting anyway. But what is said was that if we remembered everything, we might get mixed up about what actually happened and what we dreamed.

4. So it's a sort of protection. I haven't heard that idea before. I do was assumed that it was just we don't have enough memory for that stuff.

   - So it's a sort of protection. I hadn't heard that idea before. I'd always assumed that it was just that we didn't have room in our memories for all that stuff.

5. What do you think about the idea that our dreams may predict the future? It was believed that you get all over the world.

   - What do you think about the idea that our dreams may predict the future? It's a belief that you get all over the world.

6. Yeah. Lots of people have a story of it happening ?. But the explaination I've read is that for each dream that comes true, we have thousands that don't. We don't notice those. We don't even remember them.

   - Yeah. Lots of people have a story of it happening to them. But the explanation I've read is that for each dream that comes true, we have thousands that don't. But We don't notice those. We don't even remember them.

7. We just remember the ones where something in real world like of you or your action happens trigger your dream memory.

   - We just remember the ones where something in the real world, like a view or an action, happens to trigger your dream memory.

8. Something else I read about is what they call segmented sleeping.

9. That's a theory that of a hundred years ago. People used it to get up in the night, chat or eat something. then go back to bed.

   - That's a theory that hundreds of years ago, people used to get up in the middle of the night, and have a chat or something to eat, then go back to bed.

10. There was an experiment some students did here last term to see what age kids should stopping having naps.

    - There was an experiment some students did here last term to see at what age kids should stop having naps.
