# 2025-02-03 Eli_IELTS16_Test2_Part1-1

## 作业

泛听 ted lasso/bad sisters/slow horses

## 答题

1. frame

2. 195

3. payment

## 知识点

1. 介词 + 宾语 (n. doing. 宾语从句)

2. d t b p 爆破音 f m n 半爆破音

3. I'd like = I want

4. attic n. 阁楼，顶楼

   ethic n. 道德、伦理 adj. 道德的、伦理的

5. 连读 90%的情况是 辅音 + 元音

6. get/have sth. done 使某事被做

   be done 被做

7. convert v. 转化（宗教，性别）

   conversion n. 转化

8. format n. 文件格式

   form n. 形成；形式（更大更抽象）；表格

9. restrict v. 限制

   restriction n. 限制

10. cope with = deal with

11. frame n. 框架；身躯；一帧图像 v. 放在框内；形成框架、概念

12. otherwise adv. 否则（跟前一句相关，不是这一句）

13. stick stuck v. 粘

14. charge v. 收费（商家是主语）

    cost v. 花费（东西或商品是主语）

    spend v. 花费（人、购物者是主语）

15. once conj. 一旦

16. parcel n. 包裹（英）

    package n. 包裹（美）

## 听写

1. Oh hi, I saw you re...ment about copying pictures to disk. And I'd like to be more information about what you do.

   - Oh hi, I saw your advertisement about copying pictures to disk. And I'd like a bit more information about what you do.

2. Sure, what would you like to know?

3. Well, I've got a box full of old family photos, since phnaby ethic years, some of them must be 50 or 60 years old.

   - Well, I've got a box full of old family photos that's been up in the attic for years. Some of them must be 50 or 60 years old.

4. And I'd like to get them converted to digital format.

5. Sure, we can do that for you. Right, and what about size? The photos are all sorts of sizes. Are there any restrictions?

6. Well, the maximum size of photo we can do with our normal service is 30 centimeters.

7. And each picture must be at least 4 centimeters, that's the minimum we can cope with.

8. That should be fine. And Some of them were in the frame. Should I take them out before I sent them. Yes please, we can't copy them otherwise.

   - That should be fine. And Some of them are in a frame. Should I take them out before I send them. Yes please, we can't copy them otherwise.

9. And also the photos must all be seperate. They mustn't be stuck in album.

   - And also the photos must all be separate. They mustn't be stuck into an album.

10. OK. That's not a problem. So can you give me an idea of how much this will cost? I've got about 360 photos I think.

11. We charge 195 pounds for 300 to 400 photos for the basic service.

12. OK. And does that include a disk. Yes, 1 disk. But you can get extra ones for 5 pounds each.

    - OK. And does that include the disk. Yes, 1 disk. But you can get extra ones for 5 pounds each.

13. That's good. So do you want me to pay when I send you the photos? No, we won't need anything until we've actually copied the pictures.

    - That's good. So do I need to pay when I send you the photos? No, we won't need anything until we've actually copied the pictures.

14. Then we'll let you know how much it is, and once we receive the payment, we'll send the you.

    - Then we'll let you know how much it is, and once we've received the payment, we'll send the parcel off to you.
