# 2025-02-21 Eli_BBC-News_E3

## 知识点

1. victim n. 受害者

2. allege v. 声称

3. urge v. 督促

4. interfere vi. 干扰

   interfere in/with sth.

5. proceed v. 继续

   proceeding n. 诉讼、诉讼过程

   procedure n. 过程（抽象意义）

6. after 后置可以译为 之前

   before 后置可以译为 之后

7. request v. 请求

   require v. 要求（强制）

8. restriction on

9. accuse sb. of sth. 指挥某人干了某事

10. traffick v. 非法交易（字典中不用 traffick 而是 traffic，但现实中常用 traffick）

11. minor n. 未成年人

    major n. 成年人（几乎不用，常用 adult）

12. laundry n. 洗衣店 n.（待洗的、脏的）衣物

    launder v. 洗（钱）

13. deny v. 否认

    denial n. 否认

14. Vatican 梵蒂冈

15. pope 教皇

16. pneumonia n. 肺炎

17. respire vi. 呼吸

    inhale v. 吸

    exhale v. 呼

    respiratory adj. 呼吸有关的

    respiration n. 呼吸

18. complex adj. 复杂的 n. 建筑群（可以指中文语境的小区）

19. strand v. 搁浅、滞留、使困在

20. marine adj. 海洋的、海事的

21. conservation n. 保护

    conserve v. 保护

    conservationist n. 保护主义者

    conversation n. 圣诞

22. vet n. 兽医 v. 仔细检查

    veterinarian n. 兽医

23. head v. = go

    head for = go to

24. mammal n. 哺乳动物

25. a more of + adj. + n. 更 adj. 的 n.

26. include v. 包含

    exclude v. 排除

    seclude v. 使隔离

27. shield v. 保护 n. 盾牌

28. triage v. 伤员鉴别分类

29. take-out n. 外卖

30. tomb n. 坟墓

    raid v. n. 突袭

    tomb raider 盗墓人（大写时是电影 IP《古墓丽影》）

31. arrchaeological n. 考古学

32. unearth v. 发掘（注意这个词有连读）

## 听写

1. For victims over legi sexsual abuse by the social media influential Andrew Tate of the U.S. not to interfare in remaining criminal proceedings.

   - Four victims of alleged sexsual abuse by the social media influencer Andrew Tate have urged the U.S. not to interfere in Romanian criminal proceedings.

2. The Four women said they were extremely concerned after the U.S. official requested the Romanian authorities to relax travel restrictions on Andrew Tate and his brother Tristan.

3. The two man were arrested in Romanian three years ago and accused rape, traffic drive, money laundry, all of which they denied.

   - The two man were arrested in Romanian three years ago and accused rape, trafficking minors, money laundering, all of which they deny.

4. The V says is suffering from in both continue to save treatment in hospital in Rome.

   - The Vatican says Pope Francis is suffering from pneumonia in both lungs as he continues to receive treatment in hospital in Rome.

5. It said his respiratry infectious still presenting a complex picture.

   - It said his respiratory infection was still presenting a complex picture.

6. Officials in Australia say more than a hundred and fifty dolphins have been strended in Tasmania.

   - Officials in Australia say more than a hundred and fifty dolphins have become stranded on a beach on Tasmania.

7. Teams of marine conservation is sevants remote beach on western beach in recent years which has become hos po officer strandings.

   - Teams of marine conservationists and vets are heading for the remote beach on the island's western coast, which, in recent years, has become a hot spot for such strandings.

8. It doesn't memals and believed her've already died.

   - A dozen of the mammals are believed to have already died.

9. Brendan Clark from Tasmania Parks and Wildlife Service said the remote location of the mammals would complicate efforts to help them.

10. In the Macquarie Harbor and surrounds, We had the capacity to move the animals along the beach to a surclosed and shielded area where we can treat the animals preparing them for refloating vessel entire the map into more ibin waters.

    - In the Macquarie Harbor and surrounds, We have the capacity to move the animals along the beach to a more of a secluded or shielded area where we can triage the animals, stabilize them, prepare them for refloating aloneside the vessel and then take them out into more open waters.

11. The authorities in Egypt have announced the discovery of the two kings who ruled the country three and half thousand years ago and they say it's the most important archaelogical discovery in recent years.

    - The authorities in Egypt have announced the discovery of the tomb of a king who ruled the country three and half thousand years ago in what they say is one of the most important archaeological discoveries in recent years.
