# 2025-02-24/26 Eli_IELTS16_Test2_Part4

## 答题

1. creativity

2. therapy

3. fitness

4. balance

5. brain

6. motivation

7. isolation

8. calories

9. obesity

10. habit

## 知识点

1. universal adj. 通用的

   uni- 前缀 通用的、男女都能穿的

2. hormones 荷尔蒙

   dopamine 多巴胺

3. form n. 形式、表格

4. compare A with B

5. studio n. 录音棚、舞蹈室、大开间、创作行业的工作室

6. whereas conj. 但是

7. cognitive adj. 认知的

8. prescribe v. 开处方

   depression n. 抑郁症

9. help sb. do sth.

10. It's well established/known that 众所周知

11. adolescent n. 青春期 adj. 青春期的

12. intense adj. 强度大

13. by doing adv. 后置做状语，修饰动词

14. process v. 加工、处理

15. retain v. 保存、保留

16. last v. 持续

17. promote v. 促进；促销

18. active adj. 好动的（身体上）；积极的（心理上）

19. consider/report doing doing 在这就是动名词当名词

    consider/report to do 动词不定式要么表目的；要么表做完 consider/report 后，将要做某事

20. ball n. 舞会（正式）；球

    ballroom n. 舞厅

21. collaborate vi. 合作(work together to achieve sth.)

    cooperate vi. 合作(work together)

22. isolate v. 分离（与别人的关系）

    lonely adj. 孤独的（心情上）

    alone adj. adv. 单独的（人数上）

## 听写

1. Dancing is something that humans do when they want to have a good time. It's a universal response to music founding all cultures.

   - Dancing is something that humans do when they want to have a good time. It's a universal response to music, found in all cultures.

2. But what's is that dancing is not only good make us feel good. It's also extremely good for our health.

   - But what's only been discovered recently is that dancing not only makes us feel good. It's also extremely good for our health.

3. Dancing like other forms of exercise really seizes hormones such as dopamine, which makes us feel relax and happy.

   - Dancing like other forms of exercise releases hormones such as dopamine, which makes us feel relaxed and happy.

4. it also reduces feelings of stress or anxiety. Dancing is also a sociable activity, which is another reason that make us feel good.

   - And it also reduces feelings of stress or anxiety. Dancing is also a sociable activity, which is another reason it make us feel good.

5. One study compared people's enjoyment of dancing at home in front of a video with dancing in a group in a studio.

6. The people dancing in a group reported feeling happier, whereas those dancing alone did not.

7. In another expriment, university researchers in York and Sheffield took a grounp of students and sent each of them into a lab when music was played for 5 minutes.

   - In another expriment, university researchers at York and Sheffield took a grounp of students and sent each of them into a lab where music was played for 5 minutes.

8. Each had to choose from three options, to sit and listen quietly to the music, to cycle the next bike while they listened or to get up and dance.

   - Each had to choose from three options, to sit and listen quietly to the music, to cycle on an exercise bike while they listened, or to get up and dance.

9. The result showed that those who chose to dance showed much more creativity when doing problem-solving tasks.

10. Doctor Lovatt at the University of Hertfordshire believes dance could be a very useful way to help people suffering from mental health problems.

11. He thinks dance should be prescribed as therapy, to help people overcome issues, such as depression.

12. It's well established that dancing is a good way of encouraging adolecent goals to take exercise, but what about older people?

    - It's well established that dance is a good way of encouraging adolescent girls to take exercise, but what about older people?

13. Studies have shown that there are enormous benefits for people over 60 and beyond. One of the greatest thing about dance is that there are no barriers to paticipation.

    - Studies have shown that there are enormous benefits for people in their sixties and beyond. One of the great things about dance is that there are no barriers to paticipation.

14. Dance can be a specially beneficial for older adults who can't run or do more intense workouts or for those who don't want to.

    - Dance can be especially beneficial for older adults who can't run or do more intense workouts or for those who don't want to.

15. And as plenty of evidence which suggests that dancing lower the risk falls which could result a broken hip for example by helping people to improve their balance.

    - And there's plenty of evidence which suggests that dancing lowers the risk falls, which could result in a broken hip, for example, by helping people to improve their balance.

16. One thing I hadn't realized before researching this topic was that dance isn't just a physical challenge. It's also required a lot of concentration, because you need to remember different steps and routines.

    - One thing I hadn't realized before researching this topic was that dance isn't just a physical challenge. It also requires a lot of concentration, because you need to remember different steps and routines.

17. For older people, this kind of activity is especially important, because it forces their brain to process things more quickly and to retain more information.

18. Current research also shows that dance promotes general sense of well-being in older participants which can last over a week after a class.

    - Current research also shows that dance promotes a general sense of well-being in older participants which can last over a week after a class.

19. Participants report feeling less tired, and having greater motivation to be more active and do daily activities such as gardening or walking to the shops or a park.

20. They require collaboration and often involve touching a dance partner, all of which encouraging interactions on the dance floor.

    - They require collaboration and often involve touching a dance partner, all of which encourages interaction on the dance floor.

21. This helps to develop new relationships and can reduce older people's sense of isolation which is a huge problem in many countries.
