# 2025-02-25 Eli_BBC-News_E2

## 知识点

1. for what's thought to be 对于被认为的是

2. fluffy adj. 蓬松的、毛茸茸的

   fluff v. 弄软、弄松；搞砸、犯错（运动或演出中） n. 绒毛；肤浅的娱乐；错误（演讲、演奏、演出中）

3. colony n. 殖民地；（同地生长的植物或动物）群体、群落

4. jelly bean 软糖豆

5. violent adj. 暴力的

   violet n. 紫罗兰、紫色 adj. 紫色的

6. pouch n. （袋鼠、树袋熊的）育儿袋

7. youngster n. 年轻人（10 来岁，很少用）

8. eucalyptus n. 桉树

9. poo n. 粪便

10. undertake v. 从事；承担

11. on site 在公司

    off site 不在公司

12. devastate v. 摧毁

    devastating adj. 毁灭性的

    devastated adj. 遭受重创的

13. Given that 分句, 主句. 考虑到...，...

    given conj. prep. 考虑到

## 听写

1. For what sort to be the first time ever A southern koala has been born in Europe.

   - For what's thought to be the first time ever A southern koala has been born in Europe.

2. The animals usually found in south Australia a larger, docker, flurfare than those from the north.

   - The animals usually found in south Australia are larger, darker, and fluffier than those from the north.

3. The koala was born in Longleat Safari Park in England, which first established its colonies 3 years ago with 5 koalas from the park near Adelaide.

   - The koala was born at Longleat Safari Park in England, which first established its colony 3 years ago with 5 koalas from a park near Adelaide.

4. This baby koala was actually born about 6 months ago, but nobody noticed as it was the size of jellybin and immediately crawled into its mother's violet punch.

   - This baby koala was actually born about 6 months ago, but nobody noticed as it was the size of jelly bean and immediately crawled into its mother Violet's (名叫 Violet) pouch.

5. It's now much bigger though it's still not known if it's male or female.

6. Like many young does they have some pretty disgusting habits.

   - Like many youngsters, it has they have some pretty disgusting habits.

7. One of its main foods is currently Violet's eucalyptus rich poop.

   - One of its main foods is currently Violet's eucalyptus-rich poo.

8. Eating it is an important step towards eventually consuming the leaves of the plant itself.

9. Setting up and maintaining the koalas has been a massive undertaking for Longleat, which grows some of the eucalyptus they need on site.

10. After the devastating 5s of 2 years ago, koalas numbers in Australia have fallen dramatically.

    - After the devastating fires of 2 years ago, koalas numbers in Australia have fallen dramatically.

11. Given that they spend most of their times sitting in tree, sleeping and eating, they are particularly at risk from climate change and more forest fires.

    - Given that they spend most of their time sitting in trees, sleeping and eating, they are particularly at risk from climate change and more forest fires.
