# 2025-03-03/04 Eli_IELTS16_Test3_Part4

## 答题

1. elder (grandmother)

2. decades (decade)

3. classes (equipment)

4. economic

5. little (basic)

6. round

7. bone

8. rough

9. style

10. sheep

## 知识点

1. garment n. 一件衣服

   clothes n. 衣服；服装

2. imagine sth.

   imagine doing

   imagine sb. 定语 doing sth.

3. might/may well do sth. 很可能做某事

4. by prep. 在...旁边

5. vanish vi. 消失（不及物）

   disappear vi. 消失（不及物）

6. homely adj. 家一般地、温馨地

7. for conj. = because

8. sew v. 缝；做针线

   sewed 过去式

   sewn 过去分词

9. as conj. 因为 = because

10. sale n. 销售；减价出售

    sales n. 销售 = revenue；销售人员

    on sale 促销

11. figure n. 人物；数字；身材

12. readily adv. = easily

13. hardship n. 困境

14. outlay n. 花费、支出 v. 花费

    outlet n. 出口、插座（出电）；折扣商场；释放或发泄方式

    outlets n. 折扣商场（出货）

15. be to do with = be related with

    A be to do with B A 和 B 有关系

    A have something to do with B

    A have nothing to do with B

16. craftmanship n. 工匠精神

    sportsmanship n. 体育精神

17. remain n. 剩下的东西、（人的）遗体、（动物的）残骸 v. 保持

18. plenty of n. 名词可以加可数也可以加不可数，不用区分，好用

    a lot of 同理，不用区分，好用

19. flat n. 楼房（英）

    apartment n. 楼房（美）

    condo n. 共同管理的公寓（是管理形式不是房子的形式）

    house n. 独立屋

    town house n. 联排屋（半独立）

20. needle n. 纺织针；注射针

21. out of = from

22. hand carve 手工雕刻

    hand craft v. 手工制作 n. 手工制品（handicraft 的另一种形式）

23. steel n. 钢铁

    steal v. 偷窃

    两个词发音完全一样

## 听写

1. Ancient knited garments have been found in many different countries showing that knitting is a global activity with a long history.

2. When someone says the word knitting, we might well picture an elderly person, a grandmother perhaps, sitting by the fire, knitting garments for themselves or other members of the family.

3. It's a homely image. But one of may lead you to think knitting is past and in deed, during the previous decade, It was one of a skill that was predicted to vanish from everyday life.

   - It's a homely image. But one that may lead you to fell that knitting is an activity of the past. And in deed, during the previous decade, it was one of the skills that was predicted to vanish from everyday life.

4. For although humans have sew and knited their own clothes for a very long time, many of these basic craft skills have declined, when industrial machines took over. Mainly because they were no longer past down from one generation to another.

   - For although humans have sewn and knitted their own clothing for a very long time, many of these craft-based skills went into decline, when industrial machines took over, mainly because they were no longer passed down from one generation to another.

5. However, that is all changing. And interest in knitting classes in many countries is actually rising, as more and more people are seeking formal instruction in the skill.

6. With that trend, we are also seen an increase in sales figures for knitting equipment.

   - With that trend, we are also seeing an increase in the sales figures for knitting equipment.

7. So why do people want to be taught to knit at a time when a machine can readily do the job for them?

8. While many people knitted garments in the past, because they couldn't afford to buy clothes, it's still true today that knitting can be helpful, if you're experiencing economic hardship.

9. If you have several children who all need warm winter clothes, knitting may save you a lot of money.

10. And results of knitting your own clothes can be very rewarding, even thought the skills you need to get going are really quite basic and financial outlay is minimum.

    - And the results of knitting your own clothes can be very rewarding, even though the skills you need to get going are really quite basic and the financial outlay is minimal.

11. In the world, estimated we spend our time online for 9 hours a day doing something with our hand which is craft-based makes us feel good.

    - In a world where it's estimated that we spend up to 9 hours a day online, doing something with our hand that is craft-based makes us feel good.

12. In fact, no one really knows when knitting first began, but archaeological remains have disclosed plenty of information for us to think about.

13. One of the interesting things about knitting is that the earliest piece of clothing that have been found suggest that the most of the items produced were round rather than flat.

    - One of the interesting things about knitting is that the earliest pieces of clothing that have been found suggest that most of the items produced were round rather than flat.

14. Discoveries from the 3rd and 4th century is in Egypt, show that things like socks and gloves that we needed to keep hands and feet warm when knitted in one piece using 4 or 5 needles.

    - Discoveries from the 3rd and 4th centuries in Egypt show that things like socks and gloves that were needed to keep hands and feet warm were knitted in one piece using 4 or 5 needles.

15. What's more, the very first needles people used were handcraft out of wood and other natural materials, like bone, whereas today's needles are largely made of steel or plastic and make that characteristic clicking sound when someone's using them.

    - What's more, the very first needles people used were hand carved out of wood and other natural materials, like bone, whereas today's needles are largely made of steel or plastic and make that characteristic clicking sound when someone's using them.
