# 2025-02-12 Eli_IELTS16_Test2_Part2-2

## 答题

1. C (D)

2. A

3. B

4. A (C)

5. D (B)

## 知识点

1. side dish 小料

   main course 主菜

   course n. 菜；课程；过程

   cuisine n. 菜系、菜肴

2. on offer 正在供应

   on sale 正在打折

3. 一句话里，最高级通常会重读。非最高级，但表达了最高级意思的也算。如 all, whole。

4. at a time 一次

   at the time 在那时

5. 所有时间短语都是副词，不需要加介词

6. cater vi. 提供食物（不及物）

   cater to 迎合

7. bore v. 厌烦

   be/get bored with

   I'm boring. 我是个无趣的人。

   I'm bored. 我很无聊。

8. popular with/among sb.

9. 利用：

   use

   utilize

   take advantage of

   make use of

   adopt

   capitalize on

   exploit

10. 听到音不是听力单词，听到音并迅速反应出意思才是听力单词

11. 动词和介词不应该死板理解为固定搭配，可能会随语境变化

    work up 努力、提高

    put on 穿上、上演

12. to 作为介词与不定式

    I like playing soccer. 我喜欢踢球

    I like to play soccer. 我想去踢球

## 听写

1. OK. Back to serving point in the food hall, which will have side courses, dessert, and drinks on sale as well as main courses.

   - OK. Back to serving point in the food hall, which will all have side dishes, desserts, and drinks on sale as well as main courses.

2. This will serve a different countries cruisine each day, maybe Chinese one day, and Janpanese the next.

   - This will serve a different country's cruisine each day, maybe Chinese's one day, and Lebanese's the next.

3. The menus will be planned for a week at a time. So pupils will know what's going to be available the whole of that week.

4. Street life is also international, with food from three particular cultures.

5. We'll ask pupils to make suggestions, so perhaps sometimes there'll be food from Tailand, Ethiopia, and Mexico, and then one of them will be replaced by Jamaican food for a week or two.

6. The speedy Italian serving point will cater particularly for the pupils who don't eat meat or fish. They can be sure that all the food served there is suitable for them.

7. There'll be plenty of variety. So they shouldn't get bored with the food.

8. Now, after-school lessons, these are very popular with pupils, particularly swimming. In fact, there's a waiting list for lessons.

9. Cycling is another favorite, and I'm delighted that dozens of pupils make use of chance to learn to ride in off-road conditions.

   - Cycling is another favorite, and I'm delighted that dozens of pupils make use of the chance to learn to ride in off-road conditions.

10. It means that more and more cycle to and from school every day.

11. As you know, we have a well-equipped performance center, and we're going to start drama classes in there too.

12. Pupils will be able to join in just for fun. or work up to take in part to play. We hope to put on a list in one year.

    - Pupils will be able to join in just for fun. or work up to(介词 到) taking part in a play（提高到能参加戏剧的程度）. We hope to put on（上演） at least in one year（我们希望在一年内能上演一部剧）.

13. We already teach a number of pupils to use the sound and lighting systems in the center.

14. And a former pupil has given a magnificent grand piano to the school, so a few pupils will be able to learn at the school instead of going to the local college, as many of them do at the moment.
