# 2025-03-06 Eli_IELTS12_Test8_Section2-2

## 答题

1. I (H)

2. (C)

3. (F)

4. (G)

5. (I)

6. D (B)

## 知识点

1. attraction n. 景点

2. footpath n. 步道、小路

3. sculpture n. 雕塑

   carve out 雕刻

4. fine adj. 精美的

   fine art / fine wine

5. landscape n. 风景；风景画

6. immediately adv. 就、正；立即地

7. junction n. 交汇点（十字、丁字、Y 字）

   at the junction of

   crossroad n. 十字路口

   intersection n. 交叉路口、十字路口

   roundabout n. 环岛 adj. 迂回的

8. contemporary adj. 当代的；同时期的

9. wind n. 风 v. 蜿蜒（发音和名词不一样）、曲折而行、迂回；给（钟表等）上发条 wind up

   过去式、过去分词 wound （发音和名词不一样） n. 伤口

10. turn off v. 离开（道路）；关掉

## 听写

1. The sheep market is one of the main center for art and history in the whole of the country.

   - The sheep market is one of the main centers for art and history in the whole of the country.

2. If you look at a map, you'll see some of the main attractions there. Most of this started from the Crawley Road at the bottom of the map.

   - If you look at our map, you'll see some of the main attractions there. Most visitors start from Crawley Road at the bottom of the map.

3. The Reynolds House is one of the oldest houses in the city. And it's open to the public.

   - The Reynolds House is one of the oldest houses in the city and is open to the public.

4. It's on the north side of Crawley Road next to the foot path leads to the Public Gardens.

   - It's on the north side of Crawley Road next to the footpath that leads to the Public Gardens.

5. The area is particularly interesting as usual sculptures. The thumb is just as the name suggests but it's about 10 meters high. you will see it from the home Road across the road from the bank.

   - The area is particularly interesting for its unusual sculptures. The Thumb is just what its name suggests, but it's about 10 meters high. You will see it on Hill Road across the road from the bank.

6. It's on the east side of the sheep market on City Road. It's on the other side of the Public Gardens immediately facing the junctions of Hill Road.

   - It's on the east side of the sheep market on City Road. It's on the other side of the road from the Public Gardens immediately facing the junctions of Hill Road.

7. The Contemporary Art Gallery is on the little road that leads to Station Square not far from the gardens.

   - The Contemporary Art Gallery is on the little road that leads off Station Square not far from the Public Gardens. The road ends at the Gallery. It doesn't go anywhere else.

8. The Warner Gallery specializes at the 19th century art. it's on city road near the junctions with Crawley Road at the same side of the Public Gardens. It's on week nights from 9 to 5 and the entre is free.

   - The Warner Gallery specializes in 19th-century art. It's on City Road near the junction with Crawley Road on the same side of the road as the Public Gardens. It's open on weekdays from 9 to 5 and entry is free.

9. Finally, if you're interested in and purchasing high quality of art work, the place to go is the Neucleus.

   - Finally, if you're interested in and purchasing high-quality artwork, the place to go is Neucleus.

10. You need to go from Crawley Road up through Station Square and east on Hill Road until a winding gone up there it's on your right. If you get to City Road, you've gone to far.

    - You need to go from Crawley Road up through Station Square and east along Hill Road until you get to a small winding road turning off. Go up there and it's on your right. If you get to City Road, you've gone to far.
