# 2025-02-04/05 Eli_IELTS16_Test2_Part1-2

## 答题

1. grandparents

2. color

3. hand

4. background

5. focus

6. 10 days

7. plastic

## 知识点

1. sort out 整理

2. contrast v. n. 区别 n. 对比度

3. fragile adj. 脆弱的、易碎的

4. how 引导的宾语从句，三种情况

   I know how + adj./adv. + 主语 + 谓语

   I know how + 完整句子

   I know how + to do sth.

5. alter v. 改变 = change

6. get sth. done

7. well 句首可能表转折

8. cardboard adj. 硬纸板的

9. post v. 邮寄 n. 包裹

## 听写

1. Is there anything else you'd like to ask about our services?

2. Yes, I've roughly sorted out the photos into groups according to what they're about. So can you keep them in groups when you copy them?

   - Yes, I've roughly sorted out the photos into groups according to what they're about. So can you keep them in those groups when you copy them?

3. Sure, we'll save each group in a different folder on the disk. And if you like, you can suggest the name for each folder.

   - Sure, we'll save each group in a different folder on a disk. And if you like, you can suggest a name for each folder.

4. Exactly. Do you do anything besides scan(scanning) the photos? Like, can you make any improvements.

5. Yes, in the standard service, each photo is chet and we can sometimes touch up the color a bit or improve the contrast, that can make big difference.

   - Yes, in the standard service, each photo is checked and we can sometimes touch up the color a bit or improve the contrast, that can make a big difference.

6. OK. And some of the photos are actually quite fragile. They won't get damaged in the process, will they?

7. No. If any look particularly fragile, we do them by hand. We do realize how pressures these photos can be.

   - No. If any look particularly fragile, we'd do them by hand. We do realize how precious these old photos can be.

8. Sure. And another thing is we can make changes to a photo if you want. So if you want to remove an object from a photo or maybe alter the background, we can do that.

9. Really? I'm more interested in that or have a look through the photos and see.

   - Really? I might be interested in that. I'll have a look through the photos and see.

10. Oh, I might took in fixing photos. I've got a few unproper in focus. Can you do anything to make that better?

    - Oh, and talking of fixing photos. I've got a few that aren't properly in focus. Can you do anything to make that better?

11. No, I'm afraid that's one thing we can't do. OK. Any other information I can give you?

12. Oh, how long it will take? We aimed to get the copying done in 10 days.

    - Oh, how long will it all take? We aim to get the copying done in 10 days.

13. Fine, right, well, I'll get the photos packed up in box and parcelled off to you.

    - Fine, right, well, I'll get the photos packed up in a box and post them off to you.

14. Right, if you got a strong cardboard box, that's best. We found plastic ones sometimes broke in the post.

    - Right, if you've got a strong cardboard box, that's best. We found that plastic ones sometimes break in the post.
