# 2025-02-06/11 Eli_IELTS16_Test2_Part2-1

## 答题

1. B (C)

2. B

3. A

4. A

5. C

## 知识点

1. up to date adv.

   up-to-date adj.

2. date v. 追溯到

3. commission n. 委员会；佣金（这个用法很多） v. 委托

4. heir n. 继承人（发音和 air 一样）

5. choose chose (过去式) chosen (过去分词)

6. come about / happen / occur / take place vi 发生

7. convert v. 转变、转化

8. nuclear n. 核能

   nucleus n. 核；原子核

9. as conj. 因为（后置，大概率是因为这个意思）；当；正如 prep. 作为

10. permit v. 允许 n. 执照、许可证

    permission n. 允许

11. grant v. 给予、授予 = give

12. ts/tes 结尾，发音是 ci

13. construct v. 建造

    construction site 建筑工地

14. developer n. 程序员；房地产开发商

15. ths / thes 复数只读 1 个 si

16. imminent adj. 即将发生的；临近的

17. concern v. 担心；涉及

18. cater v. 迎合、招待

    catering facilities 招待设施（做饭的地方、厨房）

    catering service 来现场做饭的服务

    canteen n. 餐厅（吃饭的地方）

19. capacity n. 容量

    to capacity 满额

20. pupil n. 学生（也指小学生）；瞳孔

21. on offer 正在供应

22. considerable adj. 大的、多的

    considerate adj. 体贴的

23. Before A, B = B, before A

    B 先发生，A 后发生。

    Before 在前译为在...之前，before 在后，译为然后。这样更快

24. Sth. come into use 某物进入可用状态

25. top up 充值 = put in money = transfer money

26. store n. 商店 v. 储存

    storage n. 储存

    因为 store 已经有名词意思了，所以 storage 是 store 动词形式的名词

## 听写

1. I'd like to bring you up to date with changes in the school that will affect your children.

2. As you know, the school buldings date from various times: some from 1970s, some from the last five years. And of course, Dartfield House is over a century old.

3. It was commissioned by a business man, Neville Richards, and intended as his family home, but he died before whereas completed.

   - It was commissioned by a business man, Neville Richards, and intended as his family home, but he died before it was completed.

4. He's there chose to sell to local council, who turned to local offices.

   - His heir chose to sell it to the local council, who turned it into offices.

5. A later plan is to converted into a tourist information center didn't come about. through lack of money, and instead, it formed neaclear when it opened 40 years ago.

   - A later plan to convert it into a tourist information center didn't come about. Through lack of money, and instead, it formed the nucleus of this school when it opened 40 years ago.

6. The school has grown as the local population has increased. And I can now give you some news about the lower school site, which is separated from the main site by a road.

7. Planning information has been granted for development of both sites.

   - Planning permission has been granted for development of both sites.

8. The lower school will move to new buildings. That will be constructed on the main site.

   - The lower school will move to new buildings that will be constructed on the main site.

9. Developers will construct houses on the existing lower school site.

10. Work on the new school buildings should start within the next few month.

    - Work on the new school buildings should start within the next few months.

11. A more immonent change can sense catering facilities on the canteen.

    - A more imminent change concerns the catering facilities and the canteen.

12. The canteen is alawys very busy throughout the launch period. In fact because lots of puples likes food all over there.

    - The canteen is alawys very busy throughout the launch period. In fact, it's often full to capacity, because a lot of our pupils like the food that's on offer there.

13. But there is only one serving point. So most pupils have to wait considerable time to be served.

    - But there is only one serving point. So most pupils have to wait a considerable time to be served.

14. This is obviously unsatisfactory, as they may have hardly finished their lunch before afternoon lessons start.

15. So we've had a new food hold build. This will come into use next week.

    - So we've had a new food hall built. And this will come into use next week.

16. It will have several serving areas. And I'll give you more details about those in a minute.

17. But one thing we ask you to do to help in smoothing running is to discuss with your children which type of food they want to eat that day, so they can go straight to the relavent serving point.

    - But one thing we ask you to do, to help in the smooth running of the food hall, is to discuss with your children each morning which type of food they want to eat that day, so they can go straight to the relevant serving point.

18. There won't be any junk food. Everything on offer will be healthy. And there is no changes in current system of paying for lunches when topping up your child's electronic payment cards online.

    - There won't be any junk food. Everything on offer will be healthy. And there is no changes to the current system of paying for lunches by topping up your child's electronic payment cards online.

19. You may be wondering what will happen to the old canteen.

20. We'll still have tables and chairs in there. And pupils can eat food from the food hall or lunch they brought from home.

    - We'll still have tables and chairs in there. And pupils can eat food from the food hall or lunch they've brought from home.

21. Eventually, we may use part of the canteen for storage. But first we'll see how many pupils go in there at lunch time.

    - Eventually, we may use part of the canteen for storage. But first we'll see how many pupils go in there at lunchtime.
